0If everyone reading this gave $3, we could keep Wikipedia thriving for years to come.
0Maybe later
0Page semi-protected
02018 in American television
0From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
0Jump to navigation
0Jump to search
0We respectfully ask you to help.
0Hi reader in Canada, it seems you use Wikipedia a lot; that's great! It's a little awkward to ask, but this Monday we need your help. We’re not salespeople. We’re librarians, archivists, and information junkies. We depend on donations averaging $15, but fewer than 1% of readers give. If you donate just $3, the price of your coffee this Monday, Wikipedia could keep thriving. Thank you.
0
0Maybe later
0Close
0
0This article may be too long to read and navigate comfortably. Please consider splitting content into sub-articles, condensing it, or adding or removing subheadings. (October 2018)
0
0This article may contain an excessive number of citations. Please consider removing references to unnecessary or disreputable sources, merging citations where possible, or, if necessary, flagging the content for deletion. (November 2018) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
0
0This article may contain an excessive amount of intricate detail that may interest only a particular audience. Please help by spinning off or relocating any relevant information, and removing excessive detail that may be against Wikipedia's inclusion policy. (December 2018) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
0List of years in American television:
0
0  2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021
0
02017–18 United States network television schedule
02018–19 United States network television schedule
0List of American television programs currently in production
0
0The following is a list of events affecting American television in 2018. Events listed include television show debuts, finales, and cancellations; channel launches, closures, and re-brandings; stations changing or adding their network affiliations; and information about controversies and carriage disputes.
0Contents
0
0  1 Notable events
0      1.1 January
0      1.2 February
0      1.3 March
0      1.4 April
0      1.5 May
0      1.6 June
0      1.7 July
0      1.8 August
0      1.9 September
0      1.10 October
0      1.11 November
0      1.12 December
0  2 Future events
0      2.1 December
0  3 Television programs
0      3.1 Programs debuting in 2018
0      3.2 Television films and specials
0      3.3 Miniseries
0      3.4 Programs changing networks
0      3.5 Programs returning in 2018
0      3.6 Milestone episodes
0      3.7 Programs ending in 2018
0  4 Networks and services
0      4.1 Network launches
0      4.2 Network conversions and rebrandings
0      4.3 Network closures
0  5 Television stations
0      5.1 Stations changing network affiliation
0          5.1.1 Major affiliation changes
0      5.2 Station spectrum transitions
0      5.3 Station closures
0  6 Deaths
0  7 References
0
0Notable events
0January
0Date 	Event 	Source
01 	Starz and its related channels (including Starz Encore and Movieplex) are removed from Altice USA-owned cable systems, including Optimum and Suddenlink. The removal of the premium services follows “numerous attempts” between Altice and Starz parent Lionsgate to secure a new carriage agreement. In a statement, Altice representatives said that it did not make sense to charge a high fee to its subscribers to carry Starz and its sister channels as the network maintains a standalone over-the-top streaming service, particularly because "their viewership is declining and the majority of our customers don’t watch Starz." The dispute ends on February 13 after Starz Inc. and Altice come to a new agreement, though the networks returned a month later, on March 1 (over-the-top access to the Starz website and apps was returned for the interim period). 	[1]
0Frontier Communications drops CBS affiliate KIRO-TV/Seattle from its Frontier FiOS systems in western Washington State, after failing to reach a new carriage agreement with KIRO parent Cox Media Group. Frontier representatives stated that Cox Media was asking for the provider to increase its carriage fees for the station's main feed and its GetTV- and Laff-affiliated subchannels by more than 80% over the next three-year contractual period. 	[2][3]
0NuLink (a cable provider owned by WideOpenWest) drops the Meredith Corporation-owned duopoly of CBS affiliate WGCL-TV and independent station WPCH-TV from its systems in five Atlanta-area suburbs, after the two parties failed to agree on terms to renew the stations' contract. 	[4]
02 	NBC News announces that Hoda Kotb will assume the weekday co-anchor chair of Today permanently with Savannah Guthrie, filling the seat held by Matt Lauer before his November 29 termination from the network due to inappropriate sexual behavior, and after a month where Today exceeded ratings expectations despite Kotb's previous interim status. Though not the first time two women have headed an American morning program (Robin Roberts and Diane Sawyer co-hosted ABC's Good Morning America from 2006 to 2009), it is the first time two women are the leading hosts for Today. Kotb will also continue to host the lighter 10:00 a.m. Today hour with Kathie Lee Gifford. 	[5]
03 	CBS News fires political director Steve Chaggaris, after allegations of past "inappropriate behavior" were disclosed to division management over the prior two weeks. Neither the nature nor extent of the allegations against Chaggaris – who joined CBS in 1999, and was appointed as its senior political editor upon returning to the network following a two-year hiatus in 2010, before being promoted to political director in March 2017 – were disclosed. 	[6][7]
0[8]
04 	Production on Jeopardy! is placed on temporary hiatus while host Alex Trebek recuperates from a successful December 16, 2017, surgery at Los Angeles's Cedars-Sinai Medical Center to remove a subdural hematoma that formed as a complication from a minor head injury he suffered in a fall that October. Trebek resumed taping of the syndicated game show in mid-January, though because of the show's advanced taping schedule, his medical leave only marginally affected the show's broadcast schedule: the annual Jeopardy! College Championship, which was originally scheduled to have all ten episodes tape during the first week of January, instead filmed in March (one month before the episodes begin airing during the first week of the May sweeps period). 	[9][10]
0[11]
06 	After nine years in the role, Jon Gruden covers his last game as color analyst for Monday Night Football during an AFC Wild Card game between the Tennessee Titans and the Kansas City Chiefs broadcast on ESPN and ABC. Gruden, who was hired by ESPN in May 2009 as color analyst for the weekly NFL game broadcasts, leaves the booth to return to the coaching ranks as head coach of the Oakland Raiders for the 2018 season. 	[12]
07 	Fed up with not getting any answers and a lot of deflection while he was questioning him about whether President Donald Trump met with Russian operatives after his son, Donald Trump Jr., got together with them in the infamous June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower, as well as claims journalist Michael Wolff made in his just-released book Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump White House about his fitness and stability, including quotes made by former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon about his feelings towards Trump, only to start dismissing it as “a pure work of fiction” and “nothing but a pile of trash through and through,” which in turn lead into a slamming of CNN for making “condescending” and “snide” remarks and airing “24 hours of negative, anti-Trump, hysterical coverage” upon praising his boss as a “political genius,” State of the Union host Jake Tapper tells White House aide Stephen Miller that “I think I have wasted enough of my viewers’ time,” and abruptly ended the interview immediately, believing that Miller was taking cues from Trump that Tapper was unimpressed with. 	[13]
0The 75th Golden Globe Awards are broadcast on NBC, with Seth Meyers as host. The sexual harassment controversies that began in 2017 are the main topic of discussion, as several (primarily) female celebrities help evolve the Me Too movement into Time's Up, a legal defense fund supporting lower-income women seeking justice for workplace sexual harassment and sexual assault. Big Little Lies (with four awards), The Handmaid's Tale and The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel (with two awards each) are the major winners among television nominees, while Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri (with four awards), Lady Bird and The Shape of Water (with two awards each) are the big winners among film nominees. 	[14]
08 	The Federal Communications Commission begins the elimination on this date of the Main Studio Rule; the long-standing rule had required television and radio stations to maintain a physical studio 25 miles within its city of license, have it staffed during normal business hours, and have capabilities for program origination. 	[15]
010 	John Dickerson becomes the new co-anchor of CBS This Morning (joining existing co-anchors Gayle King and Norah O'Donnell), one day after CBS News taps him to succeed Charlie Rose, who was fired in October 2017 following amid accusations of inappropriate sexual behavior with several female employees of his former PBS talk show. Dickerson – who will relocate full-time from Washington, D.C. to New York City with the promotion – will transition out of his position as moderator of Face the Nation, a role he assumed in June 2015. On February 22, it is announced Margaret Brennan will assume the permanent moderator of Face the Nation succeed by Dickerson, though he returns to that position in September on a temporary basis during Brennan's maternity leave. 	[16][17]
0[18]
011 	The Sports Fans Coalition launches Locast, a streaming service offering access to 15 local broadcast stations – including CBS owned-and-operated station WCBS-TV, NBC O&O WNBC, Fox O&O WNYW, ABC O&O WABC-TV and CW affiliate WPIX – to viewers residing within New York City's five boroughs. Co-founder David Goodfriend contends that, unlike defunct subscription service Aereo (which ceased operations after a 2014 Supreme Court case that found that Aereo retransmitted stations in infringement of copyright law), Locast's nonprofit business model – which relies on individual donations to support operational costs, in order to maintain free access to program streams – permits it to retransmit broadcast signals without prior approval of television stations or their corporate parents under copyright exemptions that have existed since the 1970s. 	[19][20]
012 	In a memo sent to company employees, Charter Communications CEO Tom Rutledge announces that its Spectrum News unit of 24-hour local cable news channels will expand to include networks in five additional markets served by the cable television provider – Los Angeles, Ohio, Kentucky (likely an expansion of its existing news channel in that state), Wisconsin and Kansas City – during 2018. 	[21]
018 	Seven members of the Endemol Shine Group, which contracts with CNBC to produce Staten Island Hustle, are arrested at Newark Liberty International Airport for attempting to put through airport security a prototype piece of rolling 'vacuum compression' luggage which had the look on first glance of an improvised explosive device, during their filming. The Transportation Security Administration determined later it was not a threat, but the crew will face possible penalties for the inconvenience. 	[22][23]
019 	Kaye Switzer and the holders of the trust of the late Sandi Spreckman file a breach of contract lawsuit against Judy Sheindlin and CBS Corporation (along with subsidiaries CBS Television Studios and Big Ticket Television) for unspecified damages. The seven-count filing alleges that the plaintiffs (who co-created the syndicated court show in 1996) are owed $4.75 million in compensation through the August 2017 sale of the episode library of Judge Judy (which Sheindlin acquired for $95 million) per a clause in the five-season contract renewal reached with Big Ticket and CBS in March 2015, that stated that Switzer and the Spreckman estate were subject to compensation through the transfer of the episode library to Sheindlin and re-sold the library in violation of the contract. 	[24]
0Authorities in Novi, Michigan arrest a man for making a series of threatening calls to CNN. Brandon Griesemer, who was charged in U.S. District Court with transmitting interstate communications with the intent to extort and threat to injure, allegedly made 22 calls to CNN on January 9–10, several of which contained disparaging statements about minorities and claims of "fake news" by CNN, as well as a threat to kill employees at CNN's Atlanta headquarters. If convicted, Greisemer could face a fine or a prison term. The news of Griesemer's arrest calls attention to critics' concerns about the risk of threats and acts of violence against journalists with CNN and other news organizations by some of President Donald Trump's most fervent supporters amid his repeated criticism of the Time Warner-owned cable network. Network sources stated that threats against CNN personnel have increased since Trump's criticism of CNN began during his 2016 Presidential campaign. 	[25][26]
023 	ESPN announces that Matt Vasgersian and Alex Rodriguez will join the broadcast team of Sunday Night Baseball for the 2018 season, succeeding Dan Shulman and Aaron Boone respectively. Boone was hired as manager of the New York Yankees in December 2017. Under Rodriguez's agreement with ESPN, the former shortstop and third baseman will remain an analyst for Fox Sports's postseason coverage, and will make guest appearances on the ESPN morning program Get Up which would premiere in April. Likewise, Vasgersian will retain his position with MLB Network as a host and announcer. 	[27][28]
0[29]
0Hero Broadcasting announces it will sell América Tevé affiliate KMOH-TV/Kingman, Arizona and its Phoenix translator KEJR-LD to HC2 Holdings for $2.7 million, pending FCC approval. 	[30]
026 	After nearly a year as co-anchor of the 6:00 p.m. (ET) edition of ESPN’s SportsCenter, Jemele Hill announces that she will step down from that position on February 2 to join its sister website The Undefeated and to focus on special assignments she feels more tailored for; however, Hill will remain with the network as she still has three years left on a four-year contract. Her partner Michael Smith would continue to anchor the program solo until March 9. Two months later, Sage Steele and Kevin Negandhi were reported to be the new anchors for the hour. 	[31]
0[32][33]
028 	The 60th Annual Grammy Awards aired live on CBS, from Madison Square Garden in New York after fifteen consecutive years at Staples Center in Los Angeles; however, because of disputes over the handling of future events, the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences have announced that it will return to Los Angeles for the 2019 Awards and beyond. 	[34][35]
0[36]
029 	Entertainment One purchases the 49% in The Mark Gordon Company that it did not already own for $209 million, as part of a deal that will also see Gordon – whose television productions include ongoing series such as Grey's Anatomy, Quantico, Designated Survivor and Criminal Minds – become chief content officer of the Toronto-based entertainment distributor (Gordon and newly appointed company president Steve Bertram will succeed longtime president John Moryaniss, who will step down from the post following a transitional period). 	[37]
0Ten years after the network dropped the name in a de-emphasis of its former 24-hour rolling news format, HLN reinstates the “Headline News” moniker into its on-air branding (albeit on a secondary basis), which is featured prominently on-air during the network's 6:00 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) lineup. The move coincides with the addition of "Headlines Now," a 90-second segment summarizing the day’s top stories that airs at the top and bottom of each hour between 11:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. ET. 	[38][39]
0Production on A&E’s upcoming home improvement series Home Rescue is suspended after one of its regulars, Christopher Dionne, is arrested in California after he was accused of molesting a 10-year-old girl, including taking photos of her chest and allowing her to touch him inappropriately during a party he went to in Old Lyme, Connecticut in November 2017. 	[40]
030 	Hours after Donald Trump gave his first State of the Union address, Stephanie Clifford (known by her stage name Stormy Daniels), a former adult film star who is alleged to have had an affair with the President, sat down for an interview with Jimmy Kimmel on his ABC talk show. This was Daniels's first appearance on a late night program since The Wall Street Journal reported that Trump's lawyer, Michael Cohen, paid her $130,000 to keep quiet about the details. As she had done during an interview with Inside Edition the week prior, Daniels avoided directly answering or coyly dodged questions about the alleged affair, but did imply that she did not write a statement released that afternoon – claiming to be from her – which strongly refuted the allegations. On February 14, Daniels announces that she will start telling her story after the lawyer admitted to having paid off the money out of his own pocket, thus violating the non-disclosure agreement. 	[41][42]
0[43][44]
0The Trinity Broadcasting Network announces it will acquire independent station WDVB-CD/Edison, New Jersey (located within the New York City market) and Youtoo America affiliate WLPD-CD/Chicago from LocusPoint Networks for $13 million. The sale of the low-power stations extends existing channel sharing agreements with TBN owned-and-operated stations WWTO-TV/Naperville, Illinois and WTBY-TV/Jersey City that were established in November 2017. 	[45][46]
031 	Fox reaches an agreement with the National Football League to acquire the broadcast television rights to Thursday Night Football, assuming the contractual rights from CBS and NBC (both of which had shared the rights for the past two seasons), in a deal estimated to be around $550 million (a $150 million increase from the combined fee that NBC and CBS had been paying). The five-year deal, which expands the network's relationship with the NFL (it already holds rights to preseason, Sunday afternoon regular season, and select playoff games, primarily involving teams in the National Football Conference), will give Fox and Fox Deportes rights to simulcast eleven NFL Network-produced games in prime time between Weeks 4 and 15 of the regular season through 2022. 	[47]
0February
0Date 	Event 	Source
01 	Twelve years after splitting into two separate companies, the boards for CBS Corporation and Viacom announce their intent to explore a potential remerger. The study will be conducted at the behest of Shari Redstone, president of National Amusements, which holds controlling interest in both Viacom and CBS. It comes at a time when the media landscape faces changes with the still-pending merger between AT&T and Time Warner, plus the planned takeover by The Walt Disney Company of 21st Century Fox's entertainment assets. 	[48]
0NBC affiliates WVIR-TV/Charlottesville, Virginia and WBBH-TV/Fort Myers, Florida (along with WBBH's sister ABC affiliate WZVN-TV/Naples) are removed from Dish Network, after the satellite provider and the parent company of the two stations, Waterman Broadcasting, fail to reach an agreement on retransmission fees. The dispute ended two days later on February 3, the day prior to NBC's broadcast of Super Bowl LII, when Dish and Waterman reached a multi-year carriage agreement for the stations. 	[49][50]
0Independent station KAZT-TV/Prescott, Arizona is also removed by Dish Network, after the provider and KAZT owner Londen Media Group failed to agree on retransmission terms during carriage agreement negotiations, along with Dish declining an offer by Londen to carry the station’s MeTV-affiliated DT2 subchannel at no additional charge. In response to a statement by Dish suggesting that KAZT's parent company did not respond to repeated attempts to secure a deal, Londen Media CEO Lynn Londen contended that the company rescinded its offer to carry KAZT-DT2 after experiencing resistance from Dish management and that it was not demanding a rate increase to carry KAZT, stating "We are going at zero fees, asking for zero fees." 	[51]
02 	Beth Holloway – whose daughter, Natalee Holloway, disappeared during a trip to Aruba in 2005 – sues Oxygen Media and Brian Graden Media for $35 million, over what she calls misleading statements that were made during the production of The Disappearance of Natalee Holloway, a six-part documentary that aired on Oxygen in August 2017. Beth's complaint stated that the special was a “pre-planned farce" and "not a realtime or legitimate investigation into new leads" as claimed, and claims that she was duped into providing DNA for testing against remains found by producers, without informing her of its use for a television program. An Oxygen representative stated that the complaint painted an "inaccurate depiction of how the series was produced," and was developed in collaboration with Beth's ex-husband, Dave Holloway, and a private investigator he hired based on a lead he had received. 	[52][53]
0[54]
03 	Effective on this date, YouTube begins labeling "state-sponsored" content on news and reporting from government-run or funded broadcasters as part of an effort to filter out fake news and fabricated stories that could be viewed as propaganda. The label will appear below the video and above its title, as well as a link to the broadcaster's Wikipedia page. The move has been criticized for including PBS among those that will be listed because of it being a non-commercial network – despite operating independently of the U.S. government – as it only receives a small portion of federal funding and its member stations are made up of nonprofit organizations, schools, universities, and local/state governments. A PBS spokesperson called the move "vague and misleading," and said that the public broadcaster is working out a deal to rectify the situation. 	[55]
0Charter Communications ceases carriage of eleven television stations owned by Northwest Broadcasting and its subsidiaries in six markets – Yuma–El Centro (CBS affiliate KSWT and NBC affiliate KYMA-DT), Spokane (Fox affiliate KAYU-TV), Syracuse (Fox affiliate WSYT), Idaho Falls (NBC affiliate KPVI-DT), Yakima (Fox affiliate KFFX-TV), Eureka (NBC affiliate KIEM-TV and CBS affiliate KJRW), Binghamton (Fox affiliate WICZ-TV), and Medford (Fox affiliate KMVU-DT) – over a disagreement during negotiations of a new distribution contract over carriage fees for the stations. 	[56]
04 	Super Bowl LII, which saw the Philadelphia Eagles defeat the New England Patriots 41–33 at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minnesota, aired on NBC in English and Universo in Spanish. The game – watched by an estimated 103.4 million viewers (a 7% decline from the previous year), making it the lowest-rated Super Bowl telecast since 2009's Super Bowl XLIII (which was watched by 98.7 million viewers) – marked the Eagles' first Super Bowl championship win and their fourth national championship in franchise history. Justin Timberlake headlined the halftime show, performing a medley of his own hit songs as well as Prince's "I Would Die 4 U", a tribute that was criticized by the late singer's fans for using a sheet projecting footage from Purple Rain of Prince (who objected to the use of digital editing to include a deceased artist into a performance) performing the 1984 hit, and because of Timberlake's past critical remarks about him. The performance marked Timberlake's third Super Bowl halftime appearance and his first since the incident at Super Bowl XXXVIII, in which he accidentally exposed Janet Jackson's right breast on-air during their performance of Timberlake's "Rock Your Body". The telecast was also subject to a control room equipment failure during the second quarter, in which viewers saw a black screen for about 30 seconds during a commercial break. (Representatives with NBC Sports stated that the error did not result in any loss of advertising revenue and implied that said break was likely intended to consist of network promotions.) 	[57][58]
0[59][60]
0[61][62]
0[63]
0The Super Bowl LII telecast was followed by a lead-out episode of This Is Us titled "Super Bowl Sunday", in which the fate of Jack Pearson (Milo Ventimiglia) was revealed as a sudden death from a "widowmaker" heart attack caused by smoke inhalation. The episode was watched by 26.97 million viewers, making it the highest-rated post-Super Bowl entertainment program since NBC's airing of the second-season premiere of The Voice in 2012, and the highest-rated episode of This is Us to date. Later that night, The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon aired a special live episode from The Orpheum Theater in Minneapolis with the cast of This Is Us, Dwayne Johnson, and a pair of performances by Timberlake, one featuring Chris Stapleton. 	[64][65]
0On the same day as the telecast, a commercial for Fiat Chrysler Automobiles’ Ram Trucks utilizing Martin Luther King Jr.’s iconic – and final – sermon from 1968, “The Drum Major Instinct” speech airs (the speech also marked the 50th anniversary on this date as well). The ad became the subject of controversy over the images of only one African American used in the scene, along with backlash from viewers, including members from the King Family themselves, as they did not authorize the speech to be used or gave Fiat Chrysler permission to use it (FCA got the permission from a company that holds the IP rights to the King estate). William B. Wachtel, the co-founder of The Drum Major Institute (with Dr. King), stated that the speech “in no way condones the use of Dr. King’s sermon for this purpose,” adding that King used the speech to target the specific evils that he condemned, which was the exploitation of minorities by advertisers, including the automotive industry. 	[66][67]
0[68]
05 	LeSEA Broadcasting announces that it will sell WHNO/New Orleans, KEEN-CD/Las Vegas and KWHS-LD/Colorado Springs to the Christian Television Network for $5.7 million. The sale was finalized 2¾ months later on April 25. 	[69][70]
0Father and daughter team Kirk and Brooke Spangler of Belfast, New York win a total of $1,415,098 on the second-season finale episode of The Wall, setting a record for the highest amount of money won by a team of contestants on the NBC game show. 	[71]
07 	CBS affiliate WHBF-TV/Rock Island, Illinois (Quad Cities) becomes the first local television station in the United States to employ a full-time reporter of Muslim American descent and the first American television reporter to regularly appear on-air wearing a hijab, with the promotion of Tahera Rahman (who joined WHBF as a newscast producer in May 2016) to the station’s reporting staff. 	[72][73]
07–25 	The 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea airs on NBC and its cable networks. Norway finished first in the medal table, winning 39 total medals (including 14 gold and silver medals each, and 11 bronzes); the United States finished fourth, with 23 medals (nine gold, eight silver and six bronze, with alpine skiier Mikaela Shiffrin, snowboarders Shaun White and Chloe Kim, and the U.S. women's ice hockey and the men's curling teams among the major U.S. gold medalists). As the 14-hour time difference with the Eastern Time Zone and the separation of South Korea and the United States by the International Date Line resulted in many events being held during the late morning (KST) taking place during the time period of peak television viewing in the U.S., NBC broadcast Winter Olympic competition live in prime time across all U.S. time zones – instead of a time zone-based tape delay – for the first time. (NBC aired select events held earlier in the day or the day prior on tape delay during its daytime, prime time, and late night coverage.) In addition, NBC stations in the Pacific and/or Mountain time zones carried an additional 30 minutes of event coverage during their respective prime time windows on 13 nights during the Olympics. Coverage began two days earlier than usual (Olympics coverage typically begins with the opening ceremonies, which fell on a Friday, occurring this year on February 9), as the preliminary curling and Alpine skiing competitions – both of which aired on NBCSN – were held on the Wednesday prior to the Opening Ceremony (February 7); NBC began event coverage the following evening (February 8), with the preliminary figure skating and freestyle skiing competitions. 	[74][75]
0[76]
09 	During NBC's coverage of the Winter Olympics opening ceremonies, Katie Couric remarks that the Netherlands' dominance in speed skating (as of 13 February 2018, the country has earned 113 speed skating medals in Olympic competition to date) is attributed to residents using skates as a form of transportation when canals freeze in Amsterdam and other sea-level Dutch communities during the winter. The statement elicited widespread mockery and some backlash on social media (including a Twitter post by the Netherlands U.S. Embassy) as being incorrect and outdated (though the International Olympic Committee does cite that the sport's origins trace to some Dutch residents skating between villages as far back as the 13th century, the mild climate of the European nation precludes the use of skating as present-day transportation). Couric apologized for the comment in a February 13 Twitter post. 	[77][78]
0[79][80]
0[81]
0Gray Television announces it will acquire MyNetworkTV affiliate KCPM/Grand Forks, North Dakota from Central Plains Media for $255,000. The purchase will create a triopoly with Gray's existing stations in the Fargo–Grand Forks market, NBC affiliate KVLY-TV and CBS affiliate KXJB-LD. Gray stated that it will upgrade transmitter facilities of KCPM – which will also be assigned new call letters – to extend its coverage throughout the market following the closure of the sale. 	[82][83]
0[84]
0YouTube announces the temporary suspension of advertising on content created by website personality Logan Paul, citing a "pattern of behavior" that includes showing the body of a suicide victim in a Japanese forest and applying tasers to deceased rats. Paul's videos are estimated to bring in more than $1 million in monthly income. 	[85][86]
011 	Joshua Cooper Ramo is removed from his role as commentator for NBC's Olympics coverage after, while noting during the opening ceremonies in Pyeongchang that Japan occupied Korea from 1910 to 1945, said "but every Korean will tell you that Japan is a cultural and technological and economic example that has been so important to their own transformation." The statement received immediate backlash in South Korea as incorrect, insensitive and ignorant to the host nation's ongoing dispute with Japan. NBC issued an on-air apology for Ramo's remark. 	[87][88]
012 	In a release of the 2019 federal budget proposal submitted to Congress, for the second consecutive year, President Donald Trump proposes a two-year plan to eliminate federal funding for the nonprofit Corporation for Public Broadcasting. According to a statement made by the administration, “CPB funding comprises about 15% of the total amount spent on public broadcasting, with the remainder coming from non-federal sources, with many large stations raising an even greater share. [...] This private fundraising has proven durable, negating the need for continued federal subsidies.” The administration suggests that the CPB could make up the shortfall by increasing the funding it receives from corporate sponsors, foundations and members, and the outlay to be made up for by private donations and grants at the state level (CPB has received about $465 million in federal funding in recent years); it also suggests looking at additional alternative programming for PBS, NPR and independent non-commercial broadcasting entities that have grown substantially since CPB was first established in 1967, thus greatly reducing the need for publicly-funded programming. PBS president/CEO Paula Kerger responded that “Public broadcasting has earned bipartisan congressional support over the years thanks to the value we provide to taxpayers,” adding that the network and its 350 member stations and local supporters “will continue to remind leaders in Washington of the significant benefits the public receives in return for federal funding, a modest investment of about $1.35 per citizen per year.” CPB President/CEO Patricia Harrison voiced concern that the "elimination of funding to CPB would at first devastate, and then ultimately destroy public media's ability to provide early childhood content, life-saving emergency alerts, and public affairs programs,” and vowed to fight for continued funding, citing its resources and to "tell America's changing story in a way that enhances civic engagement and connects us to one another." In the end, Congress decides not to cut any funding at all, and maintains the previous $465 million in funding (along with increases in National Endowment for the Arts and National Endowment for the Humanities funding); Trump signed the $1.3 trillion government spending plan on March 23, under protest. 	[89]
0[90][91]
0Gray Television announces that it has reached an agreement to purchase CBS affiliate KGWC-TV/Casper, Wyoming from Mark III Media for an undisclosed price. The sale – which is expected to be finalized in the second quarter of 2018 – will result in Gray directly acquiring KGWC's intellectual unit (including programming – which will likely be merged into the spectrum of the company's existing Casper property, NBC affiliate KCWY-DT – and administrative operations) as well as the licenses of satellites KGWR-TV/Rock Springs and KGWL-TV/Lander, while the UHF channel 14 license will be donated to a non-profit organization to be determined (which will assign a new call sign and virtual channel number for the station). 	[92][93]
012–23 	For the weeks of February 12 and February 19 during the Winter Olympics, the fourth hour of Today broadcasts live from 30 Rockefeller Plaza's Studio 6A, sharing the same studio with Megyn Kelly Today. The program's live broadcast, hosted by Kathie Lee Gifford and guest co-host Jenna Bush Hager (filling in for Hoda Kotb, who was on assignment in Pyeongchang, South Korea for the NBC morning program's coverage of the Olympics), features a live studio audience, a weekly guest disc jockey (a similar practice done by syndicated talk show The Ellen DeGeneres Show), and mini bars (including the one with a dumbwaiter system to deliver its trademark drinks to Gifford and Bush Hager). The program returned to Studio 6A on April 6 to celebrate Gifford and Kotb's 10th anniversary as hosts. 	[94][95]
013 	In an expansion of its existing television contract with the cable network, Major League Soccer announces a streaming rights agreement with ESPN to provide exclusive coverage of the league's matches on the upcoming ESPN+ over-the-top streaming service, beginning with the 2018 season. The league's in-house streaming service, MLS Live, will be shut down as a result, with games being made available for free on the MLS website until the ESPN streaming service launches. Under the terms of the agreement, ESPN+ will stream around 250 out-of-market games per year, though MLS matches carried on the linear ESPN channels will be exempted from the service. (Blackout rules will apply within the home markets of the league's 23 teams). 	[96][97]
0In the first such deal involving a television station and a local professional sports franchise, NBC affiliate KSL-TV/Salt Lake City reaches an over-the-top distribution agreement with Real Salt Lake to stream soccer matches and other VOD content over KSL's website and mobile apps to viewers within Utah, beginning with the 2018 season. The multi-year partnership – which will encompass 90 regular season games involving the Major League Soccer club (starting with the team's March 3 season opener against FC Dallas) and its sister franchises, Utah Royals FC (USL) and Real Monarchs (NWSL), along with Real Salt Lake Academy (DA) matches, pre- and post-match shows, and ancillary team-related programs – will not affect Real Salt Lake's relationship with the market's MyNetworkTV affiliate, KMYU/St. George, as that station is contracted to televise the team's matches through 2020. 	[98][99]
0[100][101]
0Access. 1 Communications files an FCC application announcing the sale of WMGM-LP/Atlantic City, New Jersey and the construction permit of its low-power digital companion signal – the former of which operates as a translator of Univision Communications-owned Justice Network affiliate WMGM-TV/Wildwood – to Engle Broadcasting LLC for $60,000. 	[84]
0In a follow-up to a February 5 consumer report about a Washington cancer patient that was struggling to pay her medical bills, CBS affiliate KIRO-TV/Seattle announced it and consumer/investigative reporter Jesse Jones (who, himself, is a cancer survivor) spent $12,000 to buy $1 million worth of debt that more than 2,600 residents within the station's viewing area owed to medical providers, with the intent of forwarding the debt to RIP Medical Debt, a Rye, New York-based 501c(3) debt-forgiveness charity that purchases and forgives outstanding medical debt held by U.S. residents. 	[102][103]
0[104][105]
015 	Following the completion of an internal investigation into allegations of sexual harassment levied against the actor, Amazon Studios formally fires Jeffrey Tambor from the drama series Transparent. In November 2017, Tambor hinted that he will not return in the role as Maura Pfefferman for the show's upcoming fifth season, amidst the allegations made against him by two people, Trace Lysette (who appeared in the recurring role of Shea) and Van Barnes, a transgendered cast member who worked as an assistant to Tambor's character on the show. 	[106]
0On her Fox News program The Ingraham Angle, Laura Ingraham responds to anti-Trump comments made by NBA stars LeBron James and Kevin Durant in a video posted to the Uninterrupted website by stating that they need to "shut up and dribble". In her criticism, she pointed to James' turning pro straight out of high school and the fact he "gets paid $100 million a year" to play sports as reasons his opinions are invalid. The comments are criticized by some fellow NBA players and others as being racist, which Ingraham denies. Speaking during media availability for the 2018 NBA All-Star Game, the Cleveland Cavaliers player indicated he will make his views known as he saw fit. James also posted an image on Instagram stating he was "more than an athlete." Ingraham has extended an offer to James to discuss the matter on Fox News. 	[107][108]
018 	The 2018 NBA All-Star Game, which took place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, airs on TNT. The event marked the first year of a new format that supplants the traditional Eastern Conference versus Western Conference format with a draft-style format. The selected teams for the inaugural format were led by “Team Lebron” and “Team Stephen” (both are Akron, Ohio natives, another first time occurrence), with the former beating the latter 148-145. However, moments before the game, it was Fergie’s jazz-styled rendition of “The Star-Spangled Banner” that became the most highlighted – and most commented – event of the game, with the performance as well as attempts by players and spectators at the game trying to control their reactions immediately going viral, with the anthem rendition receiving negative comments on social media outlets. A day later on the 19th, the singer admitted that she "wanted to try something special for the NBA," but it "didn't strike the intended tone." 	[109][110]
0[111][112]
0[113][114]
0[115][116]
021 	Wendy Williams confirms during a live broadcast of her syndicated talk show that she has been diagnosed with Graves’ disease, an autoimmune disease that affects the thyroid, which also aggravates her hyperthyroidism. On the advice of her doctor, and despite her reluctance of not taking any absences, Williams agreed to take a three-week hiatus from the show in order to receive medical attention and rest, marking the first time in the series’ run that she has allowed the show to air repeats for such length of time. Actor Jerry O'Connell substituted for Williams during the week of March 12, marking the first time that a guest host has filled in for Williams, who returned to the show on March 19. 	[117]
0The National Rifle Association's use of a GIF image featuring Parks & Recreation character Leslie Knope in a tweet draws the ire of cast and crew from the show, including Amy Poehler, the actress who played Knope, and series co-creator Michael Schur, who requested the image be taken down. The original message was posted as a thanks to Dana Loesch after she represented the NRA at a CNN town hall with survivors of the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting. "I would prefer you not use a GIF from a show I worked on to promote your pro-slaughter agenda," posted Schur, who also relayed a response from Poehler (who is not on Twitter) to "fuck off." 	[118]
022 	Sinclair Broadcast Group announces in an FCC divestiture plan that it will spin off stations in smaller markets (with Tegna among the reported potential buyers), sell off three stations (WGN-TV/Chicago, WPIX-TV/New York City and KSWB/San Diego) to different companies that will be operated by Sinclair under an SSA, spin off overlapping and conflict stations (in Richmond, Grand Rapids-Kalamazoo-Battle Creek, Oklahoma City, Des Moines, and St. Louis), and ask for waivers to rules barring ownership of two of the four highest-rated stations in Greensboro-Winston-Salem-High Point (for Tribune-owned Fox affiliate WGHP and Sinclair-owned ABC affiliate WXLV-TV), Indianapolis (for Tribune's CBS/Fox duopoly of WTTV and WXIN, accompanied by a request for a continuation of the satellite station waiver for WTTV satellite station WTTK), and Harrisburg-Lancaster-York (for Sinclair-owned CBS affiliate WHP-TV and Tribune-owned Fox affiliate WPMT) in order to address the acquisition's conflicts with FCC and DOJ rules regarding station ownership that have held up the merger's regulatory approval. The stations in conflict overlaps would have been placed in a divestment trust to have been independently overseen by Rafamedia LLC (owned by media broker Richard A. Foreman) if ordered to be sold off under the initial proposal, which was negated due to sale agreements that were reached by Sinclair in subsequent weeks; Sinclair later rescinded the top-4 waiver requests for the Harrisburg stations on March 7, and for the Greensboro stations on April 24 (in relation to the concurrently announced sale of WXLV to Standard Media Group). 	[119][120]
0[121]
026 	CBS Sports launches CBS Sports HQ, a 24-hour, online-only sports news network. Built upon the same format as sister network CBSN, CBS Sports HQ features rotating blocks of news, analysis and highlights, but does not carry live sporting events, as that capacity is already being handled by the linear cable/satellite service, CBS Sports Network. 	[122][123]
0[124]
027 	Fox News hosts Tucker Carlson and Sean Hannity issued an apology to its viewers after it had run segments detailing claims that CNN scripted a February 21 town hall meeting event featuring the survivors of the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting. The misleading claims came to light just six days after Colton Haab, who was one of the students that was credited with saving his classmates, went on both Carlson and Hannity’s shows and claimed that CNN tried to give him a scripted question that he refused to use because he wanted to use his own, sparking a backlash against CNN over staging the event for ratings and getting a tweet from President Donald Trump slamming the network. But on February 26, Glenn Haab, Colton’s father, admitted that he was responsible for the fabrication of the story by doctoring the emails to make it look like it was set up by CNN, thus confirming the network’s claim that it never used any form of scripted material for the event. 	[125]
028 	Warner Bros. Television announces that they have fired producer/creator Jeff Franklin after he was involved in vulgar and profanity-laced tirades behind the scenes. The news comes almost two months after his Netflix hit Fuller House is renewed for its fourth season. (It is expected that Franklin's name will be removed from the credits, despite being the series creator and executive producer, before shooting begins.) The writing team of Steve Baldikoski and Bryan Behar, who have been with the series since its debut, were later named to succeed Franklin as show runners of Fuller House on March 12. 	[126][127]
0March
0Date 	Event 	Source
01 	A major crossover event takes place on ABC's TGIT (Thank God It's Thursday) primetime lineup. In the Grey's Anatomy episode "You Really Got a Hold on Me" (which culminated into the launch of its spin-off Station 19), Ben Warren (Jason George) and Andy Herrera (Jaina Lee Ortiz), firefighters from Seattle Grace fire department, Station 19, head to the fictional Grey-Sloan Memorial Hospital – where Herrera met with Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo) – after rescuing two boys from a house fire. Meanwhile, in the two-hour crossover episodes of Scandal and How to Get Away with Murder ("Allow Me to Reintroduce Myself" and "Lahey v. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania"), Olivia Pope (Kerry Washington) gets an unexpected visit from criminal defense attorney Annalise Keating (Viola Davis), who seeks her help in fast-tracking a judicial reform class-action suit to the U.S. Supreme Court. The three-hour crossover event delivered a 1.5 rating and 5.6 million in total viewers, making it the most watched primetime lineup of the night. 	[128][129]
0[130]
04 	The 90th Academy Awards, which were held at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, California, aired on ABC. The Shape of Water was this year's big winner with four awards, including Best Picture. The ceremony attracted its smallest recorded US television audience, averaging 26.5 million total viewers. Jimmy Kimmel hosted for a second consecutive year, making him the first person to host back-to-back ceremonies since Billy Crystal in 1997 and 1998. As with the Grammys, the event aired outside its traditional mid-February berth to avoid conflict scheduling with the Winter Olympics. Additional safeguards to maintain the correct announcement of winners were launched by accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers to prevent a recurrence of the end of the 2017 ceremony, where La La Land was accidentally named Best Picture rather than Moonlight due to the incorrect envelope being given. 	[131][132]
0[133][134]
0[135]
05 	Racecar driver Arie Luyendyk Jr. is the subject of criticism after proposing to Becca Kufrin in the season finale of ABC's The Bachelor, only to break up with her in favor of the show's runner-up, Lauren Burnham, with a camera crew in tow. All three appear on the following night's "After the Final Rose" special, with Kufrin forgiving Luyendyk and wishing him well with Burnham, whom he proposes to. Kufrin is then named the next Bachelorette. 	[136][137]
09 	Variety reports that ABC pulled a new episode of its sitcom Black-ish over "creative differences" with the show's producers. "Please, Baby, Please", directed by creator Kenya Barris and written by Barris and Peter Saji, was shot in November and originally scheduled to air on February 27, but was replaced by a repeat of "Mother Nature". In "Please, Baby, Please", Dre (Anthony Anderson) tries to read a bedtime story to Devante during a thunderstorm, but instead improvises a new story based on recent social and political issues in the U.S. In one scene, Dre was also seen arguing with Junior (Marcus Scribner) over football players protesting during the national anthem. 	[138]
0ESPN removes Sean McDonough as play-by-play man on Monday Night Football, returning him to college football coverage. He is succeeded by college football play-by-play man Joe Tessitore. Two months later, the network announces Tessitore will be joined by new analysts Booger McFarland and recently retired former Dallas Cowboys wide receiver Jason Witten. 	[139][140]
0[141]
011 	On this week's 60 Minutes, Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos says she does not "intentionally" visit schools that are struggling with performance standards. The secretary also has difficulty with answering questions from correspondent Lesley Stahl about school performance in DeVos' home state of Michigan. Sources tell CNN that the Trump Administration was unimpressed with the interview. 	[142]
012 	The Church of Scientology launches an over-the-top service known as Scientology Network, initially available on DirecTV (under a brokered programming arrangement using a 24/7 infomercial channel slot), along with apps for Apple TV, Roku and Amazon Fire TV. 	[143]
013 	The family of the late Democratic National Committee staffer Seth Rich sues Fox News over a retracted article that falsely claims he was murdered over a conspiracy involving the hack of DNC emails during the 2016 presidential election. 	[144]
0Cox Media Group’s flagship ABC affiliate WSB-TV/Atlanta paid tribute to hip-hop artist Craig Mack, who passed away at 46 on March 12, by incorporating the entire lyrics (as well as the remix lyrics featuring The Notorious B.I.G., Busta Rhymes, LL Cool J and Sean “Puff Daddy” Combs) of his signature 1994 hit “Flava in Ya Ear” into the station’s newscast, courtesy of anchorman Fred Blankenship and traffic reporter Mark Arum. The tribute, which has also gone viral, is one of several the station has done upon the passing of musicians, especially in the Hip-Hop genre. 	[145][146]
0[147]
0The View co-host Joy Behar publicly apologizes for suggesting on a previous taping that Vice President Mike Pence suffered "mental illness" for thinking Jesus spoke to him. After her comments enraged conservatives, she privately apologized to the Vice President, but made it public at his behest. 	[148]
014 	In an effort to clamp down on the content of conspiracy-theory videos after facing scrutiny over the proliferation on its service, YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki announced a new strategy to combat misinformation by pointing users to Wikipedia and other third-party sites debunking them. The move, however, will not deter the social media service from removing the videos unless it runs afoul of the video platform’s community guidelines. The effort is not formally coordinated with Wikipedia's operator, the Wikimedia Foundation, which issues a statement disclaiming as such. 	[149][150]
0CNBC’s Larry Kudlow is tapped by President Donald Trump to become the Chairman of the National Economic Council, succeeding Gary Cohn, who resigned after losing his fight against tariffs on steel and aluminum imports, which Trump went ahead and implemented despite opposition from both political parties. On his CNBC programs, Kudlow advocates for free trade and generally opposes tariffs, issues that are opposite of Trump’s economic platform, but has supported his tax cut proposals, including the overhauling of the tax code, a signature achievement of Trump’s time in office so far, through its passage in December 2017. The nomination is lampooned by some political commentators and comedians because of economic forecasts made by Kudlow as a corporate financial consultant and as a host of CNBC's Kudlow & Cramer, Kudlow & Company and The Kudlow Report that were later proved inaccurate. 	[151][152]
0MTV dismisses reports coming from TMZ that it was ending the Total Request Live revival. The program is instead refocused to have additional morning and late night editions, the latter having started in February (and replacing the defunct Music Feed), the former to start in the summer. 	[153]
0In support of youths walking out of school to protest gun violence, cable networks owned by Viacom Media Networks go dark for 17 minutes (one minute for each victim of the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting), with regularly scheduled programming on MTV, VH1, BET, Nickelodeon and others withheld. 	[154]
020 	Fox News strategic analyst and retired Army Lt. Col. Ralph Peters resigns, calling the network a "propaganda machine" for the Trump administration and accused the network of "wittingly harming our system of government for profit," in an email sent to his colleagues that was obtained by BuzzFeed. He added that Fox News was "assaulting our constitutional order and the rule of law" and fostering "corrosive and unjustified paranoia" to its viewers and that Fox News's hosts were advancing the agenda of Russian President Vladimir Putin (who was re-elected in a landslide two days earlier, with weak opposition due to some more formidable challengers either being detained or banned from running) "by making light of Russian penetration of our elections and the Trump campaign," but praised some of the network's anchors and reporters for challenging Fox News's editorial line on the Trump administration. 	[155]
021 	As the debate over gun control continues following the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting, YouTube announces it will no longer allow videos that promote the sale or assembly of firearms, including bump stocks. 	[156]
022 	In a move to expand the independent production company into a major media group, Entertainment Studios announces that it will acquire The Weather Group (parent company of The Weather Channel, Local Now and Weatherscan) from a consortium of NBCUniversal, The Blackstone Group and Bain Capital for $300 million. 	[157][158]
023 	ABC O&O KABC-TV/Los Angeles reporter Karl Schmid reveals he has been HIV positive since 2008. 	[159]
025 	CBS airs Anderson Cooper's one-on-one interview with Stephanie Clifford (f.k.a. Stormy Daniels), the adult film actress who allegedly had an affair with Donald Trump in 2006, on 60 Minutes. Critics of the President pushed for the piece to run sooner; however, editorial oversight plus the timing of another exclusive with Mohammad bin Salman did not make that possible. Clifford's attorney, Michael Avenatti, also indicated that his client faced threats as far back as 2011 to keep quiet about details that were offered in the story, despite being paid $130,000 in hush money. Viewership for the broadcast, which was delayed 35 minutes from its scheduled 7:00 p.m. ET start due to the preceding NCAA men's basketball regional final between Kansas and Duke going to overtime, more than doubled from normal to 22.1 million viewers, making it the highest rated 60 Minutes since the first interview with Barack and Michelle Obama after the 2008 election. Finally at overtime in the fourth round of the NCAA men's basketball regional final at the CenturyLink Center Omaha in Omaha, NE, Bill Self's Kansas Jayhawks defeat Mike Krzyzewski's Duke Blue Devils with a score of 85-81 in the Midwest Regionals. 	[160][161]
0[162]
026 	On the same day the network cancels his three-season-old sitcom, Game Shakers, Nickelodeon and producer/writer Dan Schneider jointly announce that they will not renew their longstanding development deal, ending a 24-year relationship that saw Schneider produce some of the network's iconic series of the 1990s, 2000s and 2010s including All That, Kenan & Kel, The Amanda Show, Drake & Josh and iCarly. (Despite this, the network is expected to renew its remaining Schneider's Bakery sitcom, Henry Danger, for a fifth season.) The termination of the deal comes amid rumors of complaints of temperamental behavior by Schneider from members of his staff and questions over his treatment of some younger stars of his shows, along with issues between him and Nickelodeon executives over production of the shows repeatedly going over budget and behind schedule. 	[163][164]
0[165][166]
027 	The first episode of Roseanne in 21 years attracts an audience of 18.2 million people, outperforming the series' original finale by 10 percent and notching the highest rating for a comedy in the 18-to-49 demographic since the eighth-season premiere for The Big Bang Theory. The success of the Roseanne reboot, which reveals matriarch Roseanne Conner (played by Roseanne Barr) as a supporter of Donald Trump, prompts a congratulatory phone call to Barr from the President himself. On March 30, ABC announced the show had been renewed for the 2018–19 season. 	[167][168]
0[169]
0Heineken immediately removes a television commercial for its Heineken Light beer, which depicted a bartender sliding a bottle of the aforementioned beverage past women of darker skin color to one of lighter skinned complexion. The clip, whose campaign slogan was “Sometimes, Lighter is Better,” came under fire on social media after Chance the Rapper called for a boycott against the Dutch brewing giant and calling the ad "terribly racist" on Twitter on Sunday evening and other users agreed with him. Heineken issued an apology for making an error in judgment over the message in the ad. 	[170]
028 	Just hours after Axios reports that the Trump Administration were looking at targeting retail and streaming media giant Amazon and its founder/CEO Jeff Bezos over Amazon's tax treatment because they believe its presence is forcing physical local retailers out of business, as most other e-commerce companies didn't pay state sales taxes when they launched in the 1990s, using laws dating back as long as 50 years ago made for catalog retailers that said they didn't have to collect sales taxes in states where they did not have a physical presence, not to mention President Trump's attacks on Bezos' The Washington Post over their reporting of “Fake News” against him. White House spokesperson Sarah Huckabee Sanders dismissed the story, saying there are no plans to go after the company, as antitrust regulations and the limited powers that will prevent Trump from doing so is cited as a factor. Unfortunately, on the 29th, Trump made a comment on Twitter about a desire to regulate and force e-commerce businesses like Amazon to pay more taxes because of arrangements with third-party businesses it has deals with (although in reality Amazon has actually paid taxes in 45 of the 50 states where there are laws that require companies like Bezos’ to do so, including collecting state sales taxes in those states on products it sells directly except for its "third-party" platform sellers; however, the Supreme Court ruled back in 1992 that states couldn't collect sales taxes gathered by mail-order catalog companies unless the firms had a physical presence in a state), which resulted in the stocks from Amazon losing $5.2 billion hours after the tweet. 	[171][172]
0[173][174]
029 	Laura Ingraham issued an apology to her viewers after she made comments about David Hogg, one of the survivors of the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting after he spoke out for advocating gun control laws during the March 24 “March for Our Lives” rally, claiming that he was being turned down by universities after reading a tweet from a conservative website that falsely branded Hogg as a “Gun Rights Provocateur” (her tweet read “David Hogg Rejected By Four Colleges To Which He Applied and whines about it...” “Dinged by UCLA with a 4.1 GPA…totally predictable given acceptance rates.”). Hogg, however, did not accept Ingraham’s apology and called for a boycott of her Fox News program The Ingraham Angle, a move that has resulted in around 15 companies (including TripAdvisor, Nestlé, Expedia, and Wayfair) pulling advertising from the show because of its conservative rhetoric. Hogg, who listed the companies that advertises on her program in the hope to remove their spots from the show, tweeted that he will only accept the apology "if you denounce the way your network has treated my friends and I in this fight." 	[175]
0[176]
0A pair of mystery-centric shows, Supernatural and Scooby-Doo, crossed paths in its first ever television crossover between a live-action series and an animated series. The episode, titled ”Scoobynatural,” brought the Winchester Brothers and Castiel into a twisted episode of Scooby-Doo, Where Are You! from 1970 (“A Night of Fright Is No Delight”) after Dean acquires a TV set that is cursed, but unlike the aforementioned episode, the synopsis had a darker take including the unmasking of the villain featured in the original episode. 	[177][178]
0A pair of women accuse The Ren & Stimpy Show creator John Kricfalusi of sexually abusing them in the 1990s while they were minors. Kricfalusi, who was in his 40s at the time, admitted to BuzzFeed that he had an underage girlfriend during the years in question. 	[179]
031 	Deadspin releases a video compilation of anchors at stations owned and/or operated by Sinclair Broadcast Group across the U.S. reading a standardized script that warns viewers of "false news" and "fake stories" by unnamed media outlets, calling them "dangerous to [a] democracy." The promos – which opened further scrutiny to the right-skewing content required to air on Sinclair's stations as well as the group's corporate culture – draw immediate backlash on social media for their mirroring of talking points about mainstream media outlets espoused by President Trump and other conservatives, with commenters and even some Sinclair talent likening it to a "hostage" video. (Fox affiliate WMSN-TV/Madison, Wisconsin was the only Sinclair outlet to have distanced itself from the controversy, disclosing that it did not produce a version of the promo, given that its newscasts are produced by Morgan Murphy-owned CBS affiliate WISC-TV.) Some critics (notably including Jimmy Kimmel, Kumail Nanjiani, House of Cards creator Beau Willimon and Wil Wheaton, the latter of whom hosts two web series that are rerun on Sinclair-owned multicast network TBD) advocated for a boycott of Sinclair. Amy McGrath (a Democratic primary candidate for the Kentucky 6th district U.S. House seat) also pulled all campaign advertising from the group's Lexington Fox affiliate, WDKY-TV. SAG-AFTRA (which represents many local television journalists) later released a statement on April 4, expressing their concerns over the promos. In an April 2 Twitter post, President Trump came to the defense of the company, which is in the process of acquiring Tribune Media, a deal that will give it access to almost three-quarters of U.S. TV households. Sinclair executive chairman David D. Smith defended the must-runs in an April 4 New York Times interview, calling criticism of the company using them to push right-leaning views “nonsense.” 	[180][181]
0[182][183]
0[184][185]
0[186][187]
0[188]
0April
0Date 	Event 	Source
08 	During a segment that discussed about the public’s feelings on “Fake News” and who is the most trusted news source based on a poll conducted by Monmouth University, Howard Kurtz, the host of Fox News Channel’s Media Buzz, became upset with the displayed graphics from the results of the poll (the banner read “Who do you trust more?”) showing Fox News at 30 percent, with CNN and MSNBC coming in at 48 percent and 45 percent respectively, prompting Kurtz to tell the staffers to have the display removed and telling viewers “This is not the graphic we’re looking for,” and demanded it be “Hold off. Take that down please.” (Ironically, the same poll showed when placed side by side with President Trump based on the people polled, about 20% of those from viewers who tend to watch Fox News when it comes to news stories or information about him). Although Kurtz did allow the graphics to return later during a discussion with pollster Frank Luntz and apologized to viewers. He later criticized on Facebook (April 9) that “the Associated Press should be embarrassed by a story that utterly distorts what happened yesterday [April 8] on my program” after the AP made the mistake a primary story in their wire service, this despite AP spokeswoman Lauren Easton having pointed out in an email statement that the story “was corrected to show that the graphic was taken down because it was used in the wrong segment, and was used again on the show.” 	[189]
09 	Entravision Communications makes major cuts and layoffs at all of its properties, including shutting down news operations at 23 of the 58 television stations it owns or operates around the United States, consolidating production of those stations' newscasts into their El Paso flagship KINT-TV. 	[190]
0Sinclair-owned KDNL-TV/St. Louis fires Jamie Allman and cancels his weeknight news/commentary program The Allman Report, amid a viewer and advertiser boycott that ensued over a March 26 tweet by the conservative talk host that alluded to wanting to "ram a hot poker up [Stoneman Douglas High School shooting survivor and gun control activist] David Hogg's ass," which was lambasted for its threatening nature and connotations to sexual assault. The move – which resulted in the station replacing Allman with syndicated programs in its former weeknight 5:00 and 10:00 p.m. timeslots, and a sixth rerun of America This Morning in place of a day-behind morning rebroadcast – again leaves KDNL as one of the largest ABC affiliates without some kind of news presence, an issue that has occurred intermittently since the October 2001 shutdown of the original in-house news operation it started in January 1995, seven months before KDNL and KTVI, respectively, swapped their affiliations with Fox and ABC. (Allman was subsequently fired from his gig as morning talk host at KFTK-FM on April 10, thus adding a major headache for Emmis Communications's pending sale of the radio station to Entercom, which is already dealing with a fallout with KEGY/San Diego’s recent switch to an ill-fated hot talk format augmented with mostly sports topics; that station switched to a straight sports talk format on April 12.) 	[191][192]
0Rapper Cardi B co-hosts The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon, marking the first time in the NBC late-night talk show's franchise that it had two people sharing hosting duties. The episode, which also featured guest John Mulaney (who, alongside show host Jimmy Fallon, gave baby gifts to Cardi B – who made a surprise announcement about her pregnancy during her performance on Saturday Night Live two days prior), coincides with the release of her debut album Invasion of Privacy, where she performed her song "Money Bag". Kevin Hart would later take on co-hosting duties with Fallon for the September 19 episode. 	[193][194]
0[195][196]
015 	James Comey begins a press junket for his upcoming book A Higher Loyalty through an interview with George Stephanopoulos on the ABC program 20/20, the former FBI director's first public one-on-one since being fired by Donald Trump a year earlier. In the days following, he'll appear on CBS' The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, plus The Lead with Jake Tapper and a town hall hosted by Anderson Cooper, both for CNN. 	[197][198]
0[199][200]
0Around 5:10 p.m. EDT, a high-end EF2 tornado – with peak winds estimated around 135 mph (217 km/h) – sideswipes the studios of WFMY-TV/Greensboro, North Carolina, knocking out power and communications to the building just as the station was preparing to interrupt CBS's coverage of the RBC Heritage golf tournament with a live weather cut-in on a tornado warning that was issued for Guilford County three minutes after the tornado formed over Interstate 40 in eastern Greensboro. Station employees were evacuated to a cinder block hallway for shelter as the twister – which caused damage to a nearby residential area, killing one person and injuring ten others – passed within one mile of the building. 	[201][202]
016 	Sean Hannity is revealed as one of the legal clients in court documents during a federal investigation into President Donald Trump's personal lawyer Michael Cohen after his New York City office was raided April 9 over a series of illegal payment arrangements and other deals (among them silencing or intimidating individuals in order to protect Cohen’s clients) that could have criminal implications. Cohen's attorney Todd Harrison named Hannity, who is known to actively support Trump on his both his radio and television programs, as the client in court, one of at least ten individuals who assisted Cohen with legal advice and/or “strategic advice and business consulting," of which five of the unnamed individuals were referred to another law firm, who is now cooperating with authorities and distancing themselves from Cohen. The news of Hannity’s ties to Cohen eventually becomes a story on Fox News Channel, which immediately prompted Hannity to deny any involvement with Cohen whatsoever and criticize his own network for making his connection to the case a story: "I will decide if I'm going to put out a statement here... It's very strange to have my own television network have my name up on the lower third." 	[203]
0Parents of two of the victims of the 2012 Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting sue radio host Alex Jones, who has long claimed the shooting was faked. They are seeking $1 million. The parents cited evidence and statements from his interviews on Sunday Night with Megyn Kelly and Anderson Cooper 360° as reasons, which Jones claimed on his website InfoWars and eponymous radio show that their appearance to counter his claim was digitally altered at the time, of which both shows have dismissed. 	[204]
017 	London Broadcasting announces it will sell Sonlife Broadcasting Network affiliate KCEB/Longview, Texas to HC2 Holdings for $225,000. The purchase marks London's exit from broadcasting; the group – which, at its peak, owned eight stations in mostly mid-sized and small markets throughout Texas, with the exception of the Dallas-Fort Worth market – had previously sold six of its stations (NBC affiliate KCEN-TV/Waco, CBS affiliate KYTX/Tyler-Longview, ABC affiliates KIII/Corpus Christi and KBMT/Beaumont-Port Arthur, and Fox affiliates KXVA/Abilene and KIDY/San Angelo) to the Gannett Company for $215 million in May 2014, and sold KTXD-TV/Greenville to Cunningham Broadcasting for $9.5 million in September 2017. 	[205][206]
019 	The transmission tower used by KOZK/Springfield, Missouri collapses, while workers employed with Columbia, South Carolina-based Tower Consultants Inc. were performing maintenance in preparation for the PBS station's channel re-allocation in the first round of the spectrum repack set to occur later in the year. One worker was killed in the accident; five others sustained non-life-threatening injuries, requiring three of them to be hospitalized briefly. In addition to taking the KOZK broadcast signal off-the-air, the accident involving the 1,980 feet (600 m) tower near Fordland also disrupts service to local NOAA Weather Radio station WXL46, which also houses its transmitter on the structure. 	[207][208]
0[209]
020 	Oral arguments commence in a case filed by several public interest groups (led by Free Press) against the FCC's April 2017 decision to reinstate the UHF discount, a law first passed in 1985 to encourage UHF station ownership by counting the market coverage of such stations by 50% of their total. The case, to be presided by a three-judge panel at the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, will look at whether the FCC superseded administrative procedure when it voted to reinstate the cap, which the plaintiffs contend has been used by broadcasters as a loophole against the federally-mandated 39% national ownership cap. The final ruling on the case could directly impact Sinclair Broadcast Group's pending acquisition of Tribune Media, as the combined group will skirt under the cap with the discount in place. 	[210]
023 	Warner Bros. announces the expansion of acquiring and producing TV content for the South Korean market, as well as licensing South Korean formats for the U.S. and distribution of its library of programs in the country, under a new division to be headed by brothers Suk and Hyun Park, whose DramaFever streaming and video content service was acquired by Warner Bros. Digital Networks in 2016. 	[211]
024 	Sinclair Broadcast Group announces that it will sell 23 television stations that it or Tribune Media owns or operates in 18 markets, in a move by Sinclair to seek regulatory approval of its purchase of Tribune. Sinclair and Tribune will sell a total of nine stations (KOKH-TV/Oklahoma City, WRLH-TV/Richmond, KDSM-TV/Des Moines, WXLV-TV/Greensboro, WOLF-TV-WSWB-WQMY/Wilkes Barre-Scranton, WXMI/Grand Rapids and WPMT/Harrisburg) to Standard Media, an arm of private equity firm Standard General, for $442 million. Tribune will also sell KPLR-TV/St. Louis to the Meredith Corporation (owner of CBS affiliate KMOV in that market) for $65 million. Five other stations (Sinclair-owned KUNS-TV/Seattle and KMYU/St. George, Utah, and Tribune-owned KAUT-TV/Oklahoma City, all of which will be sold to Howard Stirk Holdings for a collective $4.95 million, and Tribune's KDAF/Dallas-Fort Worth and KIAH/Houston, both of which will be sold to Cunningham Broadcasting for $60 million) will be sold to groups affiliated with Sinclair and will operate them under shared services and joint sales agreements, joining Tribune flagship WGN-TV/Chicago, which Sinclair had already proposed for sale to WGN-TV LLC, a new affiliate licensee owned by an associate of Sinclair executive chair David D. Smith. 	[212][213]
0[214][215]
025 	Nickelodeon announces that they're bringing its most popular game show Double Dare for a second revival (The first revival came in 2000 in which the show was renamed Double Dare 2000) due to the success of the 30th Anniversary Special that aired in November 2016 and the popularity of the show itself. The network ordered a 40 episode season which aired from June 25 to the end of 2018. On May 22, Liza Koshy was announced as host, while original host Marc Summers would take a dual role, serving as both the replacement announcer for the retired John Harvey and color commentary. Several team configurations, including 2 vs. 2/3 vs. 3 child teams, 4 vs. 4 family teams and celebrity episodes have been a part of the season. 	[216][217]
026 	Two women formerly employed with NBC News – including former correspondent and NBC News at Sunrise anchor Linda Vester – accuse former NBC Nightly News anchor Tom Brokaw of sexual harassment that occurred in the 1990s. 	[218]
0Bounce TV announces it has pulled repeats of The Cosby Show from the African-American-focused multicast network's schedule, effective immediately, following the news that a jury found series star, actor/comedian Bill Cosby, guilty of three counts of aggravated indecent assault that occurred in 2004. Upon sentencing, Cosby could face up to 30 years in prison (ten for each count). TV One, meanwhile, continues to air the show even after the conviction. 	[219][220]
026–27 	Fox broadcasts coverage of the first two evenings of the 2018 edition of the NFL Draft for the first time, carrying coverage simulcast with NFL Network featuring that network's personalities, along with Fox Sports. The sports division acquired the broadcast rights for the draft in accord with Fox's five-year agreement to carry Thursday Night Football. This will also be the first time the event, previously a cable television exclusive, has aired on free over-the-air television. This will not affect ESPN, which will continue to produce its own coverage of the draft. In addition, ESPN's coverage will also be simulcast on ESPN2, which will feature a college-themed broadcast, and ABC, which will simulcast coverage of rounds 4-7 of the draft, therefore broadcasting the entire draft on broadcast television. 	[221][222]
029 	Beginning with this night's broadcast ("Disney Night") and continuing for the remaining 16th season episodes airing over the next three weeks, ABC's American Idol becomes the first major in-season reality competition program on American television to be broadcast live in all U.S. time zones (though it also airs at its usual time on a second-run tape delay in the Pacific Time Zone, Alaska and Hawaii), which allows viewers to watch and vote at the same time, with real-time results being announced at the end of the show rather than the traditional next day 'results show'. (ABC's Rising Star had aired live under the same format for its only season in the summer of 2014, outside of the Pacific time zone receiving the show on tape delay.) 	[223]
0With the episode "Forgive and Regret" (which is marked by the opening sequence of a gunfight between Maggie Simpson and Marshal Matt Dillon), Fox's The Simpsons surpasses CBS' Gunsmoke as the longest-running American scripted primetime television series by number of episodes. Originating as a series of animated shorts starring the title family which became part of The Tracey Ullman Show for three seasons starting in 1987, the Matt Groening-created animated sitcom debuted on the network in December 1989 and has since featured dozens of recurring characters and a record–setting amount of guest stars. 	[224][225]
0[226]
0Days of Our Lives, Good Morning America and The Talk are among the notable winners at the 45th Daytime Emmy Awards. The ceremony, which hosted by Mario Lopez and Sheryl Underwood and broadcast via livestream on various streaming and social networking services (including Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube), also saw actors Bill and Susan Seaforth Hayes, and TV producers Sid and Marty Krofft being honored as Lifetime Achievement Award recipients (the latter two of whom were honored during the Creative Arts ceremony on April 27), Joely Fisher's performance of "Astonishing" (from Little Women) during In Memoriam segment, and tributes to the iconic shows celebrating major milestones this year including the 50th anniversary of Mister Rogers' Neighborhood, as well as General Hospital and M*A*S*H's 55th and 45th anniversaries, respectively. 	[227][228]
030 	Gray Television announces it will purchase religious independent WLHG-CD/Lynchburg, Virginia from Liberty University for $50,000. The purchase includes an option for Gray to acquire Cozi TV affiliate WFFP-TV/Danville, with which (along with WLHG) Gray will enter into a shared services agreement to take effect on June 15, whereby the group – which owns CBS affiliate WDBJ-TV – would provide programming for and receive a share of the revenue from programming and advertising sales, following the closure of the sale. 	[229][215]
0May
0Date 	Event 	Source
01 	After having reached a deal to become the new master toy licensee for Power Rangers in mid-February (replacing Bandai), Hasbro purchases the franchise outright, along with further children's franchises owned by Saban Brands, including Glitter Force, My Pet Monster, Popples, Julius Jr., Luna Petunia and Treehouse Detectives in a cash-and-stock pact valued at $522 million. The Power Rangers television series is relatively unaffected, as it remains on Nickelodeon and its sister networks until 2021 under a new agreement also made in February (Hasbro holds a 40% stake in the competing network Discovery Family). The deal closes on June 12 with the completion of the acquisition. 	[230][231]
0Kanye West makes a surprise appearance on TMZ Live, in which the rapper details his support for President Donald Trump, his reasons for free thinking, and explaining his thoughts on slavery, as he points out "When you hear about slavery for 400 years. For 400 years?! That sounds like a choice. Like, you were there for 400 years and there’s all of y’all? It’s like we’re mentally imprisoned.” Despite West’s claims or lack therefore as he did not elaborate on any form or knowledge of the subject, slavery in the United States actually lasted 246 years, not 400. This statement caused Van Lathan, a TMZ columnist/writer and contributor to TMZ Live and TMZ on TV, to voice his disapproval for West’s “absence of thought,” calling the rapper’s opinions “hurtful and shocking.” The remarks from West also sparked a backlash from viewers who agreed with Lathan for calling West out on making inaccurate statements while on the program. 	[232][233]
0Gray Television announces that it will purchase NBC affiliate KDLT-TV/Sioux Falls, South Dakota from Red River Broadcasting in an all-cash deal worth $32.5 million. The purchase – which Gray states will be immediately free cash flow accretive – would create a legal duopoly with primary ABC/subchannel-only CW Plus affiliate KSFY-TV, likely marking the first time since the FCC abolished limits on legal television duopolies based on the number of independent owners within a media market in November 2017 that a small-market station has formed a legal duopoly with a competing outlet without the aid of a failing/failed station waiver. The transaction is expected to be finalized in the second or third quarter of 2018. 	[234]
0PlayStation Vue is forced to remove all Big Four affiliates among the 193 television stations owned and/or operated by Sinclair Broadcast Group that had been carried by the over-the-top MVPD service after SBG alleges a breach of contract terms. The move – which, ironically, comes four months after Vue began carrying additional Sinclair stations (predominately Fox affiliates) – resulted in the stations being replaced by video-on-demand services operated by ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox, and subscribers also losing access to programs recorded via the affected stations on Vue's DVR. 	[235][236]
0[237]
03 	TBS and Conan O'Brien announce that Conan will transition to a half hour, looser-structured format in 2019. TBS also announced a multi-city tour for later in 2018 as part of a partnership spanning television, digital, social and live events. To top it off, in celebration of his 25 years on late night, they will be making O’Brien’s entire catalogue from NBC's Late Night with Conan O'Brien, and Conan on TBS, available digitally. The first episode is uploaded to the Team Coco YouTube channel on September 13, the show’s exact anniversary, revealing that the entire Late Night catalog will be available in January. 	[238]
04 	KGO-TV/San Francisco parts ways with sports anchor Mike Shumann after an incident in which he was seen on video taking a jacket that belonged to the head of security for the Golden State Warriors during the first round of the 2018 NBA Playoffs. A former NFL wide receiver, Shumann had been with the ABC owned-and-operated station for 24 years. 	[239]
05 	Stormy Daniels makes a surprise cameo appearance on Saturday Night Live, in which the porn star joined Ben Stiller (as Michael Cohen), Martin Short (as Dr. Harold Bornstein), Kate McKinnon (as Rudy Giuliani), Cecily Strong (as Melania Trump), Leslie Jones (as Omarosa Manigault), Scarlett Johansson and Jimmy Fallon (as Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner, respectively) and Alec Baldwin (as Donald Trump) in an opening sketch involving Trump’s problems outside his inner circle. This includes Daniels’ ongoing lawsuit over the payment made to her that Cohen had admitted that he made personally but later became a bigger issue when Giuliani went on Hannity to claim that it was Trump who gave Cohen the money to pay off Daniels after the president denied he had any involvement. In the sketch, Daniels told Trump he should resign, then adds “I know you don’t believe in climate change, but a storm’s a coming, baby.” 	[240]
08 	Clayne Crawford is fired by Fox and Warner Bros. Television from his role as Martin Riggs on Lethal Weapon after in late April it was revealed he had “been disciplined several times over complaints of emotional abuse and creating a hostile environment” while shooting. Seann William Scott was announced to succeed Crawford as the show's co-lead (portraying a new character, with the Riggs character being written out) on May 13, ahead of Fox's expected renewal of the series for a third season.[241] 	[242][243]
09 	Fox Television Stations announces it will purchase seven stations – Fox affiliates KCPQ/Seattle, KTXL/Sacramento, KSWB-TV/San Diego, KDVR/Denver, WJW/Cleveland, and KSTU/Salt Lake City and CW affiliate WSFL-TV/Miami – from Sinclair Broadcast Group (which contributed the stations for sale on behalf of their existing owner, Tribune Media, on February 22) for $910 million, including options for Sinclair to acquire CW affiliate/MyNetworkTV O&O (and sister to Fox O&O WFLD) WPWR-TV/Chicago and Fox O&O KTBC/Austin (where Sinclair already owns CBS affiliate KEYE-TV) for potential respective proceeds of about $15 million and $160 million. Sinclair also reaches a long-term affiliation deal with Fox for most of the 38 existing Fox stations owned by Sinclair and/or operated through LMA partner licensees. The deal would give Fox ownership of stations covering 45.9% of U.S. households (30.4% with the UHF discount factored in) and owned-and-operated stations in 19 of the top 20 markets, while Sinclair expects to reach 62% of the U.S. (37.4% with the discount) post-acquisition as a result of the Fox purchases and prior divestitures tied to the Tribune merger. 	[244][245]
0[119][120]
010 	After months of negotiations, Adult Swim renews its animated comedy Rick and Morty for 70 episodes spanning a currently undetermined amount of seasons, more than twice what's already aired. Creators Dan Harmon and Justin Roiland enter a new agreement with the network. 	[246]
011 	Brooklyn Nine-Nine is picked up by NBC 37 hours after its cancellation on Fox, following a slew of fan outrage and outspoken celebrities sharing their disappointment. The show's sixth season will contain 13 episodes, held for midseason. Hulu and TBS had also considered picking up the series. 	[247][248]
017 	Brad Kern exits as showrunner of NCIS: New Orleans following CBS conducting a pair of internal investigations after several of his colleagues complained about his behavior and a hostile work environment. He will be succeeded by executive producer Chris Silber. 	[249]
0Production on MTV's Catfish: The TV Show is suspended after host and executive producer Nev Schulman is accused of sexual misconduct. On June 25, 2018, the suspension was lifted and the show will resume after the report of sexual misconduct was found to be "not creditable". 	[250][251]
019 	An estimated 1.9 billion people, including 29 million Americans on all the major broadcast and cable news channels (along with Lifetime and BBC's America and World News networks), watch as Prince Harry married Meghan Markle. 	[252][253]
0[254][255]
0Comedian Josh Denny, who hosts the Food Network series Ginormous Food, comes under fire for past Twitter messages with racially offensive content, including equating the term "Straight White Male" as the modern equivalent to the N-word. The comments leave the immediate future of the program, which had recently been renewed for a second season, in doubt. 	[256]
020 	The 2018 Billboard Music Awards, which was hosted by Kelly Clarkson and held at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, is broadcast on NBC. The program's shift to NBC follows the conclusion of a relationship between Billboard and ABC that dates back to the award show's revival (following a five-year absence resulting from contractual expiration and other circumstances) in 2011. In the wake of a mass shooting at a Santa Fe, Texas high school that left 10 people dead and 14 wounded, Clarkson opened the broadcast paying tribute by forgoing a moment of silence, explaining that they are no longer sufficient when "once again … we're grieving for more kids" who died for "no reason at all," and encouraging viewers to take part in "a moment of change" to combat gun violence. Kendrick Lamar – whose wins included Top Billboard 200 Album (for DAMN.) and Top Rap Male Artist – and Ed Sheeran – whose wins included Top Artist and Top Male Artist – were the night's big winners, with both earning six awards each. 	[257][258]
0[259][260]
0[261]
021 	Olympic figure skater Adam Rippon (who won the bronze medal with his figure skating teammates at the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang in February) is crowned the winner of the athletes-focused 26th season of ABC's Dancing with the Stars, becoming the first openly gay contestant to win the show. Rippon and his pro partner, Jenna Johnson, beat NFL cornerback Josh Norman and former figure skater Tonya Harding (and their respective pro partners, Sharna Burgess and Sasha Farber) to win the show's Mirror Ball trophy. This is also the first Mirror Ball for Johnson, whose only prior stint as a pro partner in season 23 saw her and celebrity partner Jake T. Austin finish 13th as the first pairing eliminated that season. (Prior to the 26th season, the former So You Think You Can Dance finalist had primarily served as a dance troupe member since joining DWTS in season 18.) The one-hour abbreviated finale delivered a 1.1 rating and an audience of 8.67 million, making it – alongside American Idol's sixteenth season finale – the most watched programs of the night. 	[262][263]
0[264][265]
0[266]
0Maddie Poppe wins the sixteenth season of American Idol, the show's first-season finale to air on ABC. Poppe – who earns a recording contract with Hollywood Records (owned by ABC parent The Walt Disney Company), which replaced Big Machine Records as the show's artist label – is the first singing competition's first female winner since season 12 contestant Candice Glover. Caleb Lee Hutchinson – who reveals during the broadcast that he and Poppe are dating – is runner-up (making it the first season since season 6 to feature a female winner and male runner-up), and Gabby Barrett finishes second runner-up. The two-hour finale – which was watched by 8.65 million viewers and had a 1.6 demographic rating – features performances from and contestant duets with Patti LaBelle, LeAnn Rimes, Darius Rucker, Bebe Rexha, Nick Jonas and Kermit the Frog (the latter of whom performs "Rainbow Connection" with Poppe, who had performed the night prior and during her initial judge audition). Jimmy Kimmel Live! also paid homage to the series' past featuring appearances by several personalities from the series' history including former judge Randy Jackson, former finalists and winners such as Haley Reinhart, Taylor Hicks and Ruben Studdard, and other notable past contestants including William Hung, Larry Platt (known for auditioning with the original song “Pants on the Ground”) and Sanjaya Malakar). 	[267][268]
0[269][270]
0[266]
0The Miss USA 2018 pageant was held at the Hirsch Memorial Coliseum in Shreveport, Louisiana (which previously served as the venue for the 1997 pageant) and was broadcast by Fox and Azteca. The show was hosted by the married pairing of singer Nick Lachey and former Miss Teen USA 1998 Vanessa Lachey, with stylist/fashion expert Carson Kressley and pageant coach Lu Sierra serving as backstage hosts. Pop group 98 Degrees (of which Nick Lachey is a member) and country singer Lee Brice performed. Kára McCullough of District of Columbia crowned her successor Sarah Rose Summers of Nebraska – who will represent the United States at Miss Universe 2018 in November – as the winner of the pageant; Caelynn Miller-Keyes of North Carolina was the runner-up. Summers' win marks the first Miss USA crown for a Miss Nebraska contestant. 	[271][272]
0[273]
022 	ESPN reaches a five-year broadcast rights deal with the UFC to acquire the rights to a portion of the mixed martial arts promotion's television package currently held by Fox Sports for $300 million per year (or $1.5 billion over the course of the contract). The deal, which expands upon a five-year, $750-million streaming rights deal reached by ESPN (for its over-the-top service ESPN+) on May 8, will result in an additional 30 fights per year (comprising 15 that would be carried on ESPN's linear channels and 15 that would air exclusively on ESPN+) being carried on the linear ESPN channels. 	[274][275]
0[276][277]
0After Bryan Fuller stepped down in February, and only four days after their series Once Upon a Time concluded its seven-season run, Adam Horowitz and Edward Kitsis are named showrunners of the reboot of Amazing Stories that will be part of Apple's streaming service. In addition, the duo also sign a production deal with ABC Studios that will run through 2022. 	[278]
0Nielsen signs a deal with YouTube TV, which will now see the streaming service incorporate their local audience measurements into the ratings provider in 99 television markets. 	[279]
023 	Quincy Media discloses it has reached agreements to acquire CW Plus affiliates WISE-TV/Fort Wayne, Indiana and KDLH/Duluth, Minnesota from SagamoreHill Broadcasting – which has maintained joint services agreements for the stations with Quincy since the former's 2015 acquisition of WISE and KDLH from Granite Broadcasting/Malara Broadcast Group – for $1.7 million ($952,884 for the license and related assets of WISE-TV, and $792,577 for KDLH's license and assets). The deal, which was originally signed on May 16, would create duopolies with Quincy's existing respective stations in those markets, ABC primary/NBC subchannel-only affiliate WPTA and NBC primary/CBS subchannel-only affiliate KBJR-TV, and, in pertinence to the FCC's television spectrum repacking, includes a provision that would reassign the stations to a new channel assignment. According to FCC filings, which seek a waiver of rules barring common ownership of two television stations in markets with fewer than eight distinctive licensees, ratings for both WISE and KDLH had slid to fifth place among the stations in the Fort Wayne and Duluth markets since their respective former NBC and CBS affiliations moved to the DT2 subchannels of WPTA and KBJR in August 2016. 	[280][281]
0[282][283]
0On the same day as the station's sale is announced, Dish Network removes KDLH-TV/Duluth from its lineup in Minnesota's Iron Range region, after failing to reach a new carriage agreement with SagamoreHill. Representatives with Quincy and JSA partner SagamoreHill stated that the issue that led to the CW affiliate's removal concerned contractual language of the contract, acknowledging that no "meaningful discussions" on fees had been made." The move marks the first time since 2009 that SagamoreHill has been involved in a carriage dispute. 	[284]
0ABC announces the cancellation of its daytime talk/cooking show The Chew after seven seasons. Episodes of the program will continue to air through early September, after which it will be replaced by a third-hour extension of Good Morning America, the network's second attempt at such an expansion following the short-lived afternoon edition titled Good Afternoon America that ran from July to September 2012 (following the cancellation of the talk/lifestyle show The Revolution, and preceding the shift of General Hospital to the 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time slot). The program's cancellation announcement comes five months after former co-host Mario Batali was subsequently fired following allegations of sexual misconduct by four women. 	[285]
024 	Debra L. Lee announces she will step down as Chairwoman and CEO of BET Networks, effective May 28. 	[286]
025 	Sesame Workshop, the parent company and producers of Sesame Street, files a lawsuit in federal court against STXfilms over the use of its name being used as promos for the August 17 release of the R-rated crime comedy The Happytime Murders, which stars Melissa McCarthy as a detective investigating a series of gruesome murders involving puppets who formerly starred in a children's program from the 1980s. The production company objected to the studio’s use of the series title in its ads, which reads “No Sesame, All Street,” and the content of the "explicit, profane, drug-using, misogynistic, violent" film, as well as the depiction and likeness of the characters, who were created for the film by director Brian Henson, the son of Jim Henson, whose Muppets characters are featured on Sesame Street. In a statement regarding the matter "Sesame has demanded that Defendants simply drop the references to Sesame Street from The Happytime Murders marketing materials – a relatively small burden compared to the devastating and irreparable injury Defendants are causing... But Defendants have refused, and the confusion and tarnishment are building, as evidenced in numerous social media postings." In response to the lawsuit, through a statement from a "spokespuppet" name "Fred Esq.", "STX loved the idea of working closely with Brian Henson and the Jim Henson Company to tell the untold story of the active lives of Henson puppets when they're not performing in front of children," adding that "Happytime Murders is the happy result of that collaboration and we're incredibly pleased with the early reaction to the film and how well the trailer has been received by its intended audience. While we’re disappointed that Sesame Street does not share in the fun, we are confident in our legal position. We look forward to introducing adult moviegoers to our adorably unapologetic characters this summer." On May 30, a New York judge ruled against Sesame Workshop, but the $60 million film itself became a failure at the box office, making it one of the worst outings ever for a movie that was led by and starring McCarthy. 	[287]
027 	The Indianapolis 500 airs for the final time on ABC (locally on Scripps-owned affiliate WRTV, though on a tape delay as the live telecast is blacked out to encourage attendance; WRTV has aired the broadcast since it became an ABC affiliate in 1979), ending a relationship between the network and the Indianapolis Motor Speedway that dates back to 1965. Beginning in 2019, the Indy 500 will air on NBC (and locally on Dispatch-owned affiliate WTHR, which reunites the telecast with the station after it switched to NBC in 1979), the result of a three-year exclusive TV rights deal announced on March 21 between the IndyCar Series and NBC Sports Group, whose NBCSN has split coverage of IndyCar races with ABC since 2009 (when the channel was known as Versus) and will split coverage of the series with NBC in the new deal. Australian racecar driver Will Power wins the race, while American Danica Patrick (who is on her final professional race as a full-time competitor before her retirement and her first Indianapolis 500 since 2011) crashes on lap 68 when she loses control of her car in turn 2, finishing in 30th place. 	[288][289]
028 	WYFF/Greenville, South Carolina anchor Mike McCormick and photojournalist Aaron Smeltzer are killed when a tree fell on their car on U.S. Route 176 in Polk County while covering the impact of heavy rain in that area caused by Subtropical Storm Alberto. McCormick joined the Hearst Television-owned NBC affiliate in April 2007 as a reporter after being worked on that company's sister stations, ABC affiliate KHBS/Fort Smith, Arkansas and its satellite station KHOG-TV/Fayetteville, Arkansas for three years, while Smeltzer worked as a photographer in the Greenville region for more than a decade before joining WYFF in February of this year. 	[290][291]
029 	After series star Roseanne Barr made controversial remarks on Twitter about Valerie Jarrett, an Iranian-born African-American who was the Senior Advisor of Public Engagement and Intergovernmental Affairs for former President of the United States Barack Obama from 2009 until 2017, in a series of tweets about several debunked conspiracy theories circulated by the hard and far right, ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey announces the rescission of Roseanne's season 11 renewal and the sitcom's cancellation on behalf of the network. This results in Barr being dropped by her agency, ICM Partners, and ABC suspending its Emmy campaign for the series. Reruns of the series' original nine-season run are also pulled from the lineups of Viacom-owned Paramount Network, TV Land and CMT effective May 30, and Scripps/Katz-owned digital multicast network Laff effective immediately; Hulu later announced that all episodes (including those from the revival's nine-episode run) have been removed from its library. The cancellation came a little over an hour after consulting producer/writer Wanda Sykes announced she would not be returning to the series. Several actors (many part of ABC series) applauded the removal of the series, including Barr's ex-husband Tom Arnold, Minnie Driver, Ava DuVernay, Aisha Tyler, Bellamy Young and Alyssa Milano. Roseanne showrunner Bruce Helford (who said he was "personally horrified and saddened" by Barr's remarks), and co-stars Sara Gilbert (who called them "abhorrent" and "[not reflective of] the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show") and Emma Kenney (who revealed in a since-deleted tweet that she was preparing to quit the revival, and felt "empowered by [Sykes, Dungey and ABC for] standing up against abuse of power and lack of values") also denounced Barr's comments. Barr later apologized for the remarks and to Jarrett, ABC and her show's cast and crew for "making a thoughtless joke that does not reflect my values [and] caused hundreds of hardworking people to lose their jobs." 	[292][293]
0[294][295]
031 	Two days after the cancellation of Roseanne, comedienne Samantha Bee becomes the subject of controversy after she called Ivanka Trump a "feckless cunt" during the previous night's broadcast of TBS' Full Frontal during a segment in which Bee made a request to Ivanka Trump to ask her father to do something about immigration policies that have resulted in children being separated from their parents. Much of the criticism came from conservatives (such as Megyn Kelly, Herman Cain, Jeanine Pirro and Erick Erickson) who equated the remark to the controversy surrounding Roseanne Barr's tweet about Valerie Jarrett – including the White House, which condemned Bee's use of the word and demanded that TBS parent Time Warner take action against her – although some on the left (such as Chelsea Clinton) also criticized Bee's reference to Ivanka as a "cunt." Both Bee and TBS apologized for the incident, which drew some criticism from certain liberal and progressive commentators for capitulating to diversionary tactics used by conservatives to sidestep accountability by making false equivalences against people on the left. Autotrader and State Farm subsequently pulled their advertising from program amidst the controversy. 	[296][297]
0[298][299]
0[300]
0Cheddar reaches a deal with Viacom to acquire MTV Networks on Campus, which it will use to launch CheddarU, a television service that will feature content from Cheddar's namesake flagship financial news streaming service and segments from its general news service Cheddar Big News to 99 million students at more than 600 college and universities. Qualifying universities would be able to carry CheddarU as part of their campus cable/OTT services free of charge. The existing linear mtvU network will continue on cable providers without any changes. 	[301][302]
0[303]
0June
0Date 	Event 	Source
01 	Hallmark Channel abruptly parts ways with Home and Family co-host Mark Steines, who had been co-host since the show's revival in 2012. He is soon succeeded by Cameron Mathison. On September 20, 2018, Steines files suit with Lisa Bloom against Hallmark parent Crown Media and Woody Fraser Productions, claiming executive producer Fraser sexually harassed female talent and guests on the series and that his complaints to Crown management about his superior's behavior were ignored, to the point he would lose pay and involvement in show marketing until his termination (Bloom had already been pursuing previous sexual harassment claims against Fraser). 	[304][305]
05 	As part of the organization's program change, the Miss America Organization announces that it will no longer include the swimsuit and evening gown competitions. Gretchen Carlson, the organization’s chairwoman (who was crowned Miss America in 1989 and a former Fox News anchor), said in an exclusive interview on ABC's Good Morning America that “We are not going to judge you on your outward appearance, ... We are moving it forward and evolving it in this cultural revolution.” The announcement, which will take effect at the Miss America 2019 competition on September 9 in Atlantic City, New Jersey, comes months after Carlson was named chairwoman and several women (including former Miss America winners) were appointed to the organization’s highest ranks following a report by The Huffington Post that revealed internal organization e-mails containing disrespectful and misogynistic comments about former pageant winners, which led to the resignation of its former executives, including former chief operating officer Sam Haskell. The changes as well as other issues with the Miss America board members did not sit well with pageant board members at the state and organizational level, with almost half of the Miss America Organization's nine-person board quitting or being forced to resign as a result of their dislike of the changes, and representatives from at least 22 state pageants signing a petition calling for the resignations of Carlson, President and CEO Regina Hopper and other members of the new Miss America board; in response, 30 former Miss Americas signed a letter supporting of the new board. 	[306][307]
0[308][309]
0[310]
0Fox News issues an apology to members of the Super Bowl LII champion Philadelphia Eagles after airing photos that show players kneeling on the field, giving the appearance of being related to the NFL national anthem protests controversy that led President Donald Trump to disinvite the team from the White House. However, in criticizing Fox News on Twitter for "being used (as) propaganda," tight end Zach Ertz, one of the players shown kneeling, clarified that he had been praying with teammates. The network said in a statement that indeed no player on the Eagles knelt in protest either during the regular season or playoffs. 	[311]
07 	Producer Greg Berlanti extends his production deal with Warner Bros. Television through 2024, now valued at over $300 million. At the time of the extension, Berlanti is a producer on 16 current or upcoming shows across seven networks (14 live-action across six), half of them for Warner Bros.-owned The CW, and two for DC Universe, also owned by the company. 	[312]
0The Washington Capitals defeated the Vegas Golden Knights in five games in 2018 Stanley Cup Finals (broadcasts on NBC and NBCSN) to win their first Stanley Cup, breaking the district's 26-year championship drought dating back to the Washington Redskins winning Super Bowl XXVI in 1992. 	[313]
08 	CNN host Anthony Bourdain is found dead in France of a suicide, abruptly ending his CNN series Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown. The network announced a tribute special to air that night and Parts Unknown marathons over the weekend. In addition, Travel Channel announced a 12-hour marathon of Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations, the former series' direct predecessor, to air that Sunday, and free over-the-top service Pluto TV began airing a 24-hour Bourdain tribute channel rerunning his programs. Due to fan outcry, Netflix also manages to maintain streaming rights to Parts Unknown for "many months to come" before they were to lapse on the 16th. 	[314][315]
0[316]
0The NBA Finals which began on May 31 and were carried by ABC with the fourth consecutive match up of the Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors, are concluded with a sweep by the Warriors for their second consecutive title. They were the first NBA Finals to have a presenting sponsor, after YouTube TV jointly announced with the NBA on March 26 its sponsorship of the Finals. 	[317]
0ABC and series star Priyanka Chopra issue apologies for the plotline of the June 1 episode of the network's drama Quantico, titled "The Blood of Romeo". It depicted Hindu nationalists trying to make it look as though Pakistan were behind a terror plot in New York City. Much of the outrage over reinforced stereotyping was aimed at Chopra, despite her only being an actor on the show with no creative input. 	[318]
010 	The 72nd Tony Awards are broadcast live on CBS from Radio City Music Hall, hosted by Sara Bareilles and Josh Groban. Harry Potter and the Cursed Child wins Best Play, and The Band's Visit wins ten awards, including Best Musical. 	[319]
0The families of reality TV personality Kris Jenner and rapper Kanye West compete in the fifth-season premiere of ABC's Celebrity Family Feud where, for the first time in the game show's franchise history, Khloé Kardashian and Kendall Jenner announced that West and his wife Kim Kardashian West will play the "Fast Money" round (the latter two of whom won $25,000 in support of the teams' chosen charity, Children's Hospital Los Angeles). Additionally, it also featured one of the families having six people instead of the traditional five. 	[320][321]
0[322][323]
011 	Ion Media announces it will exercise an option to purchase four "zombie" stations owned by the Trinity Broadcasting Network that had their spectrum sold in the 2017 incentive auction, WCLJ-TV/Indianapolis, WDLI-TV/Cleveland, WSFJ-TV/Columbus, Ohio and WKOI-TV/Dayton, Ohio (the former two already have channel sharing agreements with the Ion stations in Indianapolis and Cleveland, basically returning full spectrum control of those stations to Ion if approved). In FCC filings for the transfer, TBN withheld information on the sale price and other statistics pertaining to the November 2017 option agreement included as part of channel sharing agreements with Ion involving the four stations on grounds that it is "proprietary, not germane to the FCC’s evaluation of the application, or already in the FCC’s possession." Another deal around the same time saw KILM/Inglewood-Los Angeles, a Multicultural Broadcasting-owned "zombie" carrying a brokered network known as Punch TV, also to be purchased by Ion for $10 million; KILM is under a channel sharing agreement with Ion's KPXN-TV. The latter sale closes September 17, with Ion moving the virtual channel KPXN-DT3 (carrying its Ion Life network) to KILM's virtual channel 64.1, along with gaining its must-carry coverage on local pay-TV systems. 	[324][325]
0[326]
012 	A federal judge approves AT&T's $85 billion merger with Time Warner, concluding a lawsuit filed against the deal by the Department of Justice in November 2016 on grounds that the DOJ's Antitrust Division had failed to meet the burden of proof that it would harm competition and result in consumer price increases. The deal closes two days later, with Time Warner being rechristened as WarnerMedia shortly after. 	[327]
013 	In an attempt to thwart The Walt Disney Company's planned acquisition of most 21st Century Fox assets, Comcast (owner of rival NBCUniversal) makes a $65 billion all-cash bid on the entertainment assets of the Rupert Murdoch-owned company, which includes Fox Sports Networks, FX Networks, Sky plc (which Comcast had already made a separate bid for back in February), Star India, and a 30% stake in Hulu (which, when combined with their existing 30% stake, would give Comcast a controlling interest in the streaming service). Comcast had been waiting on a decision in the AT&T/Time Warner matter before proceeding with the offer. However, one week later Disney upped its bid to $71.3 billion in cash and stock, which Fox favors over Comcast; Comcast subsequently dropped its bid on July 19. 21st Century Fox and Disney shareholders approved the acquisition to the 20th Century Fox assets on July 27. (The deal is still pending regulatory approval in other countries, including China and Brazil, where 21st Century Fox and/or Disney also own media properties.) 	[328][329]
0[330][331]
0[332][333]
0Broadcasting & Cable reported that Jerry Springer was now out of production after a 27-year run and that the 2018-19 season forward will solely consist of reruns, while another hour of Springer reruns will be programmed by The CW in their daytime timeslot beginning in September 2018 for their affiliates, replacing failed competitor The Robert Irvine Show. However, the network retains the right to ask for new episodes (produced by NBCUniversal); Springer later confirmed that the show was canceled, but had produced unaired shows prior to the announcement. The move comes as Tribune Broadcasting (the lessee of the timeslot until the end of the 2020-21 season under an agreement made at the time of its latest renewal for the network on its stations) was preparing to complete its acquisition by Sinclair Broadcast Group, which played a factor in the program not being renewed by its stations, thus hurting its clearances. 	[334]
014 	Star Trek: Discovery showrunners Aaron Harberts and Gretchen J. Berg are fired from the series due to budgetary issues and allegations of mistreatment and abuse. Co-creator and executive producer Alex Kurtzman takes over sole showrunner duties. Five days later, it was announced that Kurtzman extended his production deal with CBS Television Studios through 2023, including “expansion of CBS’ Star Trek franchise for television, developing new series, mini-series and other content opportunities, including animation.” The deal is valued at $25 million and under it, his production company Secret Hideout will also continue to develop new projects for broadcast, cable and streaming platforms exclusive to CBS. 	[335][336]
014–July 15 	Fox Sports and Telemundo broadcasts the 2018 FIFA World Cup respectively in English and Spanish with a mainly morning and early afternoon schedule of games due to the tournament being played in Russia (seven hours ahead of American Eastern Daylight Time). The two replace previous rights holders of the soccer tournament, ESPN/ABC and Univision, which lost the exclusive English and Spanish language telecast rights following the 2014 tournament. The tournament is expected to garner lower domestic ratings due to the United States national team not qualifying for World Cup play for the first time since 1986; this is also the first major sporting event to not involve the country since the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow (when it boycotted the event). On June 14, Fox issued an apology after English singer Robbie Williams showed his middle finger while performing his song "Rock DJ" during the opening ceremony. Telemundo sibling NBCSN simulcast Spanish coverage of two matches: Brazil vs. Switzerland on June 17, and England vs. Belgium on June 28. 	[337][338]
0[339][340]
015 	During Fox Sports' coverage of the 118th U.S. Open from Southampton, New York, microphones pick up a discussion between two men about a sexual encounter one of them had with their former female partner, which included explicit language about the encounter (it was carried during FS1's portion of the coverage, leaving it out of FCC purview). Both Fox Sports and the tournament's organizer, the United States Golf Association, apologized for the mishap. Fan decorum at the U.S. Open in general was criticized by participant Ian Poulter, who was harassed at times by the gallery when it was his turn to putt. 	[341][342]
0[343]
016 	Following allegations of sexual abuse in an article on Medium written by ex-girlfriend Chloe Dykstra, in which the actress (who dated Hardwick from 2011 to 2014) referred to him only as a “mildly successful podcaster” who grew into “a powerhouse CEO of his own company” in outlining the allegations, AMC pulls the Chris Hardwick-hosted talk show Talking with Chris Hardwick's second-season premiere from the schedule, and he withdraws as moderator for the network's San Diego Comic-Con panel featuring The Walking Dead and Fear the Walking Dead as well as BBC America's panel for the British sci-fi series Doctor Who, set to be the first public appearance for the new cast, led by Thirteenth Doctor Jodie Whittaker. The day before, Nerdist, the company which Hardwick founded, cut all ties with him. He denies the allegations. NBC later stated that it would "assess" developments concerning Dykstra's accusations before making decisions concerning Hardwick’s gig as host of game show The Wall. On July 3, Yvette Nicole Brown was reported to be the new moderator of the Walking Dead panel, and interim host of Talking Dead 10 days later, starting with The Walking Dead Season 9 Preview Special on August 5. On July 25, AMC announced Hardwick will return as host of Talking Dead and Talking with Chris Hardwick following the completion of an investigation conducted with Ivy Kagan Bierman of law firm Loeb & Loeb. On July 31, NBC announced Hardwick will return as host of The Wall for a next season. On August 10, his name was then returned to Nerdist's website. 	[344][345]
0[346][347]
0[348][349]
0[350][351]
018 	Laura Ingraham faces mounting criticism over comments she made on her Fox News Channel program The Ingraham Angle, in which she referred to the detention centers where children of undocumented immigrants detained and arrested at the U.S.–Mexico border have been placed under Trump's "zero tolerance" immigration policy – which has received widespread condemnation, and have been compared to internment facilities that housed Japanese Americans and German Jews – as "essentially summer camps," which Ingraham attempted to walk back before the end of that night's broadcast. Hollywood producers such as Steven Levitan (who suggested, in his criticism of Fox News, he would terminate his relationship with 20th Century Fox Television after the current contract for Modern Family ends in 2019), Seth MacFarlane (who tweeted that he was "embarrassed to work for Fox News and Fox network parent 21st Century Fox" concerning a remark by Ingraham's Fox News colleague Tucker Carlson that viewers should dismiss reports by major news outlets as untrue), Judd Apatow and Paul Feig criticized the remarks, with many also calling for an advertiser boycott of Ingraham's show and Fox News, which defended Ingraham's remarks by stating, "Fox News will never tolerate or give in to attempts to silence diverse viewpoints by agenda-driven intimidation efforts.” 	[352][353]
0[354]
019 	On the evening after Laura Ingraham's comments, former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski makes the sad trombone sound effect during a Fox News segment focusing on a 10-year-old girl with Down syndrome separated from her mother at the border. Appearing again on Fox News the following morning, he refused to apologize for the incident, which led to Washington D.C. speakers bureau Leading Authorities, Inc. terminating its relationship with Lewandowski. 	[355]
0During the last moments on her MSNBC program, host Rachel Maddow begins to break down and cry while reading a breaking news story from the Associated Press that Trump administration officials have been sending young children to at least three age-specific shelters as part of the Justice Department’s new “zero tolerance” immigration policy that's resulted in thousands of kids being separated from their parents. The “tender age” facilities reportedly house children with special needs and those younger than 13. The story becomes too emotional for Maddow to continue, so she passes the story to Lawrence O’Donnell, who was in Texas at one of the detention facilities as he leads off the breaking news story on his program The Last Word. Maddow last apologized to viewers about what happened, saying “If nothing else, it is my job to actually be able to speak while I’m on TV,” she wrote. “I apologize for losing it there for a moment. Not the way I intended that to go, not by a mile.” 	[356]
021 	More than three weeks after the cancellation of Roseanne, ABC announces it intends to revive the show as The Conners. John Goodman, Sara Gilbert, Laurie Metcalf, Lecy Goranson, and Michael Fishman will all reprise their roles on the new series, which will occupy the same Tuesday evening time slot Roseanne would have had. Roseanne Barr will have no involvement in its production, ABC said. 	[357][358]
022 	ABC pulls an episode of reality dating series The Proposal (which was originally scheduled to air on June 25) from the schedule after a woman named Erica Denae Meshke accused contestant Michael J. Friday of luring her for sexual assault that took place in November 2017. 	[359]
025 	Gray Television agrees to acquire the assets of Raycom Media in a cash-stock deal valued at $3.687 billion (comprising $2.85 billion in cash, $650 million in preferred stock, and 11.5 million shares of Gray common stock). Should regulatory approval be obtained, the combined company, which will operate under the existing Gray corporate umbrella, will – with coverage estimated at 24% of U.S. television households – become the third-largest broadcaster in terms of audience reach, owning or operating 142 full-power stations in 92 markets (its portfolio will encompass stations in markets as large as Tampa-St. Petersburg-Sarasota to as small as North Platte, although it will divest overlapping stations in nine conflict markets). Other than disclosing that an SSA involving Fox affiliate WUPW/Toledo would be transferred to the prospective buyer of CBS-affiliated sister WTOL (to alleviate a conflict with Gray's ABC affiliate in that market, WTVG), Raycom did not immediately disclose whether joint sales/shared services agreements that it maintains with American Spirit Media will transfer to Gray. The deal also includes other Raycom assets including sports syndication company Raycom Sports (and its ACC Network unit), production companies Tupelo Raycom and RTM Productions; and post production and digital signage firm Broadview Media. (Raycom excluded the company's newspaper division, CNHI, from the sale and plans to explore divestiture of its print properties.) Post-acquisition, longtime company head Hilton H. Howell Jr. will serve as Gray's executive chairman and co-CEO, but will cede his role as company president to Raycom President/CEO Pat LaPlatney (who will also serve as a co-CEO). 	[360][361]
0[362][363]
0[364][365]
0[366][367]
0David Bossie, a former aide to the Trump campaign, is suspended from his contributor role at Fox News for two weeks after telling Joel Payne, an African-American Democratic strategist, he was "out of (his) cotton-picking mind" during a debate on Fox & Friends Weekend the previous day. The comment, viewed as a dog whistle, was quickly condemned by anchor Ed Henry, who called it "obviously offensive." 	[368]
0The E. W. Scripps Company sells its Tulsa radio cluster (Classic Hits station KBEZ, Country station KVOO, Classic Country station KXBL, Top 40/CHR station KHTT, and News/Talk station KFAQ, all of which were co-owned with NBC affiliate KJRH-TV since Scripps's 2015 acquisition of the radio group's former parent Journal Communications) to Griffin Communications. The transaction re-enters the Oklahoma City-based television broadcaster into radio station ownership since it sold off its stations in Oklahoma City, Tulsa and Fort Smith between 1956 and 1969 (when co-founders John T. Griffin and Jimmy Leake broke up the company into two entities), and pairs the stations up with the CBS/CW duopoly of KOTV and KQCW. (Griffin has, however, owned the Radio Oklahoma Network syndicated news service since 2001.) 	[369]
027 	The United States Department of Justice approves the takeover of 21st Century Fox's entertainment assets by The Walt Disney Company on the condition that the sale not include Fox's 22 regional sports networks as originally planned. Disney's majority ownership of ESPN Inc. is cited as the reasoning for the divestiture. It is unknown whether the RSNs will be divested to other companies or remain part of the smaller "New Fox", which will include the remainder of Fox Sports. 	[370]
029 	Comcast subscribers throughout the United States are affected by an outage believed to be caused by a cut fiber. Reports of issues began coming into Twitter and an Internet monitoring website around 12:30 p.m. EDT from cities such as Atlanta, Baltimore, San Francisco, Seattle, and Comcast's home base of Philadelphia. A company statement indicated that Comcast was working to resolve the problem, but it wasn't known how soon service would be fully restored. 	[371]
030 	Dish Network and Sling TV subscribers throughout the United States lose access to the 60 Univision and UniMás television stations (as well as both networks's national feeds) and various cable channels (including Galavisión, Univision Deportes Network, El Rey Network and Fusion TV) owned by Univision Communications around 4:00 p.m. EDT due to a dispute over carriage fees, which also resulted in both parties being unable to reach a two-week contract extension to resolve contractual terms. Dish contended that Univision asked it to increase retransmission fees by 75%, which it felt an unreasonable offer, citing Univision’s declining ratings and its failure to secure the rights to the 2018, 2022 and 2026 FIFA World Cups (the Spanish language rights of which went to rival Telemundo). Univision denies Dish’s claim that it had ended negotiations, stating that “[Dish] insists on paying Univision only a fraction of what it pays our English-language peers." On July 30, Dish offered subscribers of its DishLatino and Sling Latino tiers who lost access to the channels a $5 per month credit, beginning August 1. 	[372][373]
0[374][375]
0[376]
0July
0Date 	Event 	Source
02 	Tri-State Christian Television announces it has consolidated programming at all of its stations at TCT's headquarters in Marion, Illinois, taking advantage of the end of the FCC's Main Studio Rule. All locally produced programming at the network's other owned-and-operated stations was canceled, and the network's Orchard Park, New York studio for WNYB/Jamestown-Buffalo was closed and placed up for sale. 	[377]
0The BBC, through the representation of an American law firm, files federal court papers in California and ordered a subpoena after learning that a source that was linked to the social media platform Tapatalk had leaked unauthorized scenes and footage from the upcoming season of Doctor Who to numerous websites and fan based entities. The leaked details were revealed June 26, prompting mixed results from fans of the series, especially with the spoilers from the series’ future episodes. 	[378]
04 	Fox News Channel anchor Brit Hume apologizes to his viewers after he made a comment he posted and then deleted it on Twitter about questioning how patriotic people who are affiliated with the Democratic Party are in the United States, saying “Why Do Democrats Hate America?" and added, "Hate may be too strong a word but they sure don’t love it —>." Hume was referring to a Gallup poll published July 2 that found that 32 percent of Democrats consider themselves "extremely proud" of being U.S. citizens, down from 56 percent in 2013, with only 74 percent of Republicans called themselves "extremely proud" to be American, the highest the group has been in five years, according to the poll. Hume later clarified in another tweet that the statement was uncalled for and admitted his mistake: "I deleted an earlier tweet that said Democrats don’t love America. It was based on a Gallup poll that found only a minority of Dems now very proud of this country... "A number of people said they think that’s not a fair conclusion from the poll. I agree and thus the deletion." 	[379]
015 	Nexstar Media Group reaches an agreement to purchase CW affiliate WHDF/Florence, Alabama from Lockwood Broadcast Group for $2.25 million. Under the terms of the deal, Nexstar concurrently assumed operational responsibilities for the station through a time brokerage agreement that will conclude upon the transaction's closure. The acquisition will create a duopoly with Huntsville-based Fox affiliate WZDX (which Nexstar acquired as part of its November 2013 purchase of Grant Broadcasting System II's television stations). 	[380]
018 	In a unanimous 4-0 vote, the Federal Communications Commission voted to send the merger proposal between Sinclair Broadcast Group and Tribune Media to a hearing before an administrative law judge to review aspects of the deal that FCC chairman Ajit Pai described as "deceptive" in their transparency, specifically regarding shell corporations being used by the company to operate stations that would materially reduce Sinclair's national ownership cap space short of the 39% limit, two days before. Pai's comments led Sinclair to amend its acquisition proposal (the fifth such instance since Sinclair disclosed its sale proposals to the Department of Justice Antitrust Division in February) to transfer Tribune flagship WGN-TV/Chicago from WGN-TV LLC (a licensee that was to have been owned by Steven Fader, a Maryland auto dealer and business associate of Sinclair executive chairman David D. Smith) to Sinclair directly, and to sell Texas-based CW affiliates KDAF/Dallas-Fort Worth and KIAH/Houston to an independent third party (rather than sell it to Cunningham Broadcasting, which, until January, had been owned by the estate of Carolyn Smith, the now-deceased mother of David Smith and widow of company founder Julian Sinclair Smith, which retains non-voting stock interest) hours prior to the merger review vote. 	[381][382]
0[383][384]
0[385][386]
0[387][388]
022 	In an appearance on Showtime's Who Is America?, Georgia state lawmaker Jason Spencer exposes his bare buttocks, imitates a Chinese tourist using racial stereotypes, and repeatedly yells "nigger", all at the urging of a character portrayed by series star Sacha Baron Cohen. After facing backlash from Georgia's Speaker of the House and governor, Spencer apologized for what he described as a "ridiculously ugly episode" but refused to step down, saying that the show's producers exploited his state of mind "for profit and notoriety". He announced his resignation on July 24, stating in a letter to the House speaker it would take effect at month's end. 	[389][390]
0[391][392]
024 	PBS member station WPBA/Atlanta – which, since 2005, has been constrained to carry no more than 25% of the service's programming under its Program Differentiation Plan – reaches an agreement to convert into a 100% full-service PBS member station to better compete with the Georgia Public Broadcasting member network (which is available in Atlanta through its Athens-licensed television flagship WGTV), in a bid to increase viewership, public and private monetary contributions and corporate underwriters. Under the deal, WPBA will be allowed to license any PBS programs for broadcast starting in September, which will result in a roughly $500,000 per year increase in programming expenditures that will go towards licensing additional PBS content and expanding local program production. The station will inform GPB of its scheduling decisions to avoid scheduling conflicts. (Existing shows on WPBA's schedule as well as newer shows being added to its lineup will be scheduled on a timeshifted basis to avoid such conflicts.) 	[393][394]
024 	Cox Enterprises announces that it is exploring a possible sale or a merger for the 14 television stations owned by its Cox Media Group unit (consisting of CBS affiliates WHIO-TV/Dayton, KIRO-TV/Seattle-Tacoma and WJAX-TV/Jacksonville [the latter of which Cox operates through an LMA with proxy licensee Hoffman Communications], ABC affiliates WSB-TV/Atlanta, WSOC-TV/Charlotte and WFTV/Orlando, Fox affiliates WHBQ-TV/Memphis, WFOX-TV/Jacksonville, KOKI-TV/Tulsa and WFXT/Boston, independent stations WRDQ/Orlando and WAXN-TV/Charlotte, MyNetworkTV affiliate KMYT-TV/Tulsa, and NBC affiliate WPXI/Pittsburgh). The division is the Atlanta-based broadcaster’s most profitable sector apart from its cable, radio and newspaper properties, which Cox plans to keep should a buyer emerge. 	[395][396]
025 	A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals in Washington, D.C. dismisses a challenge to the FCC's May 2018 restoration of a UHF discount quota that counted UHF television stations by half their local market reach and effectively gave station groups additional space under the national television ownership cap (artificially increasing their potential coverage from the Congressionally-mandated 39% maximum of all U.S. television households to as much as 78%). The panel did not weigh the merits of the case in the two-page ruling, only judging that the interest groups involved in the case (led by Free Press) – who sued on ground that the discount would allow groups reaching near the 39% cap the ability to acquire more stations without going over it (with Sinclair Broadcast Group, which is believed to have any future acquisitions that may utilize the quota hampered amid questions by the FCC over other methods it used in its proposed merger with Tribune Media) and accelerating media consolidation in the broadcast television industry – lacked standing. The move also precedes potential FCC consideration of possibly abolishing or altering the UHF discount upon proposals to raise the cap to cover ownership coverage reaching as much as 50% of U.S. television households. 	[397][398]
0[399][400]
026 	Personnel with KRCR-TV/Redding, California are evacuated from the Sinclair Broadcast Group-owned ABC affiliate's studio building around 10:30 p.m. PDT as flames associated with the Carr Fire (which was first reported on July 23 in the Whiskeytown–Shasta–Trinity National Recreation Area, and started by a vehicular mechanical failure) approached close to its facility in eastern Redding. Anchors Allison Woods and Tamara Damante, who were helming coverage of the fire, notified viewers on-air of the evacuation order; KRCR continued to provide regular updates about the fire on its website and Facebook page, with field reporters filing video reports for the latter. As a result of the fire danger, the station temporarily relocated its news staff to the studios of and relayed coverage from its Eureka-based semi-satellite KAEF-TV. 	[401][402]
027 	The New York Public Service Commission revokes its approval of the merger between Charter Communications and Time Warner Cable, effectively no longer permitting Charter to serve customers in New York State. The commission's ruling is based on assertions that Charter failed to comply with several conditions required by the commission in the 2016 merger on grounds that the cable provider failed to meet deadlines, attempted to skirt obligations to provide service to rural communities and utilized unsafe field practices. Charter, as with its predecessor Time Warner, had been the lone cable provider and default Internet service provider for the vast majority of the state since Time Warner took over the assets of Adelphia Communications in 2004; only a few small pockets in Cattaraugus and Cayuga Counties, along with portions of the New York City metropolitan area (where Altice USA is the default provider), have a provider other than Charter. Charter will be required to continue uninterrupted operations for 60 days until the state transitions to a replacement provider and pay $3 million in penalties. 	[403][404]
0[405][406]
0In a report for The New Yorker by Ronan Farrow, Les Moonves is accused of sexual misconduct by six women. Farrow, who had also written on the Harvey Weinstein sexual abuse allegations, details accounts by the women of the CBS Corporation president and CEO attempting to kiss and inappropriately touch them. One of the accusers, actress Illeana Douglas, said Moonves was hostile towards her after she rejected him. The board of directors at CBS announced that it will launch an investigation into Moonves' alleged behavior. The news comes as Moonves is embroiled in a dispute with CBS and Viacom vice chair Shari Redstone over her wishes to recombine the two companies. Redstone denies she is behind the allegations, but calls for the investigation to be "thorough, open and transparent." 	[407][408]
0[409][410]
030 	Hearst Television announces it will purchase CW affiliate WPXT/Portland, Maine (which also carries subchannel-only affiliations with MeTV, MyNetworkTV, Escape and Laff) from Ironwood Communications for $3.35 million. The purchase, creates a legal duopoly with ABC affiliate WMTW/Poland Spring, and is the sixth Hearst CW affiliate. The sale closes on September 21, with the station picking up a 10 p.m. newscast from WMTW only three days later. 	[411][412]
0[413]
0August
0Date 	Event 	Source
01 	Mobile, Alabama-based law firm Clay, Massey & Associates (by way of legal representative Robins Kaplan LLP) files a class action antitrust lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against Sinclair Broadcast Group, Tribune Media, Gray Television, Hearst Communications, Nexstar Media Group and Tegna Inc., alleging that the six groups coordinated to artificially inflate advertising prices and reduce competition for advertising sales in the broadcasting market. The suit comes days after reports surfaced that the Justice Department is investigating whether communications between advertising staff at the television station groups identified in the lawsuit violated antitrust laws. The suit comes three days after Little Rock-based lawyer Peter Miller (via the firm of Kessler Topaz Melzer and Check) filed another class action suit against Sinclair and Tribune in the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland on the same allegations levied in the Clay, Massey & Associates suit. 	[414][415]
0[416][417]
0[418]
02 	In a press release formally announcing its $2.25-million purchase of CW affiliate WHDF/Florence–Huntsville from Lockwood Broadcast Group, Nexstar Media Group also announces it will acquire Fox affiliate KRBK/Springfield, Missouri from Koplar Communications for $16.45 million. The transaction – which will create a virtual triopoly with MyNetworkTV affiliate KOZL-TV, which ironically lost the Fox affiliation to KRBK during a 2011 reverse compensation dispute between Fox and Nexstar that also involved three Indiana-based stations, and Mission Broadcasting-owned CBS affiliate KOLR-TV – includes a local marketing agreement (which took effect the day prior) that will see Nexstar assume KRBK's operations. The move marks Koplar's second exit from television; the company signed on KRBK (then a MyNetworkTV affiliate) in August 2009, twelve years after it sold KPLR-TV/St. Louis to ACME Communications. 	[419][420]
0[421][422]
0[423]
03-6 	In what was cited as various violations of company terms of service policies, podcast, video and live streaming content from conservative talk show host and conspiracy theorist Alex Jones and his InfoWars platforms are removed by YouTube, the Apple Podcasts directory, Facebook and Spotify. Spotify and Apple Podcasts remove audio content from their directories, followed by Facebook removing four of Jones' pages, and then YouTube removing several InfoWars channels, with 2.4 million followers. Both latter companies had already temporarily suspended InfoWars since late July. Genesis Communications Network (which syndicates Jones' radio program) continues to maintain podcast feeds on their own, with Jones continuing to self-host his other content. Apple then follows up on September 7 with a removal of the InfoWars app from the iTunes Store, a day after Jones and InfoWars are permanently removed from Twitter and Periscope. 	[424][425]
07 	After an all-out bidding war that included an offer from Lance Bass, the Los Angeles home that was featured in The Brady Bunch television series and franchises is acquired by HGTV, which plans to restore the house to its original 1970s design. 	[426]
08 	Laura Ingraham once again sparks controversy on her Fox News program The Ingraham Angle, this time during a segment regarding immigration and the increasing diversity in America, telling viewers “In some parts of the country, it does seem like the America we know and love don’t exist anymore,” and added “Massive demographic changes have been foisted upon the American people. And they’re changes that none of us ever voted for and most of us don’t like... Much of this,” she added, “is related to both illegal and in some cases legal immigration that, of course, progressives love.” Ingraham was referring to claims that minorities and especially immigrants would be the majority while Caucasians would soon be a minority based on research and data, leading to claims from media critics and politicians that her segment was filled with code words and dog whistles that sounded bias and to support claims from Alt-Right and Nationalist groups, which Ingraham later dismisses by contradicting the statements made during the program. 	[427]
09 	Tribune Media announces it is withdrawing its approval to merge with Sinclair Broadcast Group, to which it agreed to sell its television, radio and other associated properties for $3.8 million in May 2017. Tribune also announces that it has filed a lawsuit against Sinclair in the Delaware Chancery Court alleging breach of contract, seeking at least $1 billion in damages “for all losses incurred as a result of Sinclair’s material breaches of the merger agreement.” The suit alleges that Sinclair engaged in "unnecessarily aggressive and protracted negotiations" with the FCC and the Department of Justice over the deal's regulatory issues, refused to sell stations in markets where Sinclair already had properties (although it did agree to sell a combined 17 Tribune- and Sinclair-managed stations to Fox Television Stations and Standard General), and proposed divestitures and sales to parties with ties to Sinclair executive chair David D. Smith (those of WGN-TV/Chicago to Maryland auto dealer Steven Fader, KDAF/Dallas–Fort Worth and KIAH/Houston [and initially, WPIX/New York City] to Cunningham Broadcasting, and KZJO/Seattle, KMYU/St. George, Utah and KAUT-TV/Oklahoma City to Howard Stirk Holdings) that either were directly or faced likelihood of being rejected in order to maintain control over stations it was required to sell. The move comes after the FCC voted in July to send the merger application for review by an administrative law judge, alleging that Sinclair misrepresented or omitted material facts in its applications (including those involving Fader and Cunningham) in order to circumvent FCC ownership rules. Tribune also canceled the corresponding sale of stations to Fox Television Stations without penalty to Fox (who had renewed the affiliations of six Tribune Fox stations three days before to assure those stations of remaining with the network), with the possibility of selling those stations in the future; later that day, Sinclair filed to rescind its applications for the merger. (The status of the proposed sales to Standard General remain unknown.) 	[428][429]
0[430][431]
0[432][433]
0[434][435]
0[436]
016 	In reporting the death of Aretha Franklin at age 76, Fox News runs a graphic which has Patti LaBelle in the background instead of Franklin. Fox says the image should have shown the two performing together, however "Ms. Franklin was obscured in that process, which we deeply regret." 	[437]
019 	Fox Sports 1's broadcast of a Major League Soccer match between D.C. United and the New England Revolution features an on-air broadcast team of Lisa Byington (play-by-play), Danielle Slaton (color analysis), and Katie Witham (sideline reports). The trio is believed to be the first all-female team to call a game in one of the 5 major U.S. men's sports leagues (MLS, NFL, NBA, NHL, and Major League Baseball). 	[438]
020 	The 2018 MTV Video Music Awards airs on MTV and its sister networks. The event marks the first time that there wasn't a host for this live telecast. Among the notable winners were Artist of the Year Camila Cabello featuring Young Thug for "Havana" (Video of the Year), Cardi B (Best New Artist, Best Collaboration with Jennifer Lopez and DJ Khaled for "Dinero", and with Bad Bunny and J Balvin for Song of Summer collaboration "I Like It"; J Balvin also picking up a win with Willy William for "Mi Gente" in the Best Latin Category), a posthumous Best Dance win for Avicii (featuring Rita Ora) for "Lonely Together", three awards for Childish Gambino's "This Is America" (Video with a Message, Best Choreography, and Best Direction), two for The Carters' "Apeshit" (Best Art Direction and Best Cinematography), Ariana Grande's "No Tears Left to Cry" (Best Pop), Nicki Minaj's "Chun-Li" (Best Hip Hop), Imagine Dragons' "Whatever It Takes" (Best Rock), and Hayley Kiyoko (Push Artist of the Year). Lopez was also honored with the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award. The event of course also bought controversy as usual, especially with Minaj calling out Kevin Hart and Tiffany Haddish for making a dig at Fifth Harmony members (in particular Cabello), while Madonna's tribute to fellow Detroiter Aretha Franklin draws backlash over her speech that had limited mention of Franklin and focused on Madonna's journey into the music business (she later revealed that she was originally slated to present the "Video of the Year" award, only to be asked to do a tribute hours before the broadcast) and her African-inspired outfit the former wore during the broadcast. 	[439][440]
0[441]
0Gray Television announces it has entered into agreements to sell television stations in eight markets to alleviate ownership conflicts concerning its merger with Raycom Media in deals worth a combined $235.5 million. Lockwood Broadcast Group reached an agreement to purchase Raycom-owned Fox affiliates WTNZ/Knoxville (where Gray will retain CBS affiliate WVLT-TV and CW affiliate WBXX-TV), WFXG/Augusta, Georgia (where Gray will retain CBS affiliate WRDW-TV and NBC affiliate WAGT-CD), WPGX/Panama City, Florida (where Gray will retain NBC affiliate WJHG-TV and CBS affiliate WECP-LD) and WDFX-TV/Dothan, Alabama (where Gray will retain CBS affiliate WTVY and NBC affiliate WRGX-LD). The E. W. Scripps Company agreed to purchase ABC affiliate KXXV-TV/Waco, Texas and satellite station KRHD-CD/Bryan (where Gray will retain CBS affiliate KWTX-TV and semi-satellite KBTX-TV) and WTXL-TV/Tallahassee (where Gray will retain CBS affiliate WCTV and Retro Television Network affiliate WFXU). Tegna also agreed to purchase CBS affiliate WTOL-TV/Toledo (where Gray will acquire ABC affiliate WTVG; the sale to Tegna likely includes rights to an existing shared services agreement with American Spirit Media-owned Fox affiliate WUPW) and NBC affiliate KWES-TV/Odessa-Midland (where Gray will retain CBS affiliate KOSA-TV). The move follows Gray's August 16, announcement that it would sell CBS affiliate WSWG/Albany, Georgia to Marquee Broadcasting (which would form a duopoly with independent station WSST-TV/Cordele, to which Marquee is seeking FCC approval of its June purchase of WSST from Sunbelt-South Telecommunications). 	[442][443]
0[444][445]
0[446][447]
0ESPN updates their BottomLine news ticker to a two-pane design with permanent space to the right for promotional announcements and programming notes, replacing the one-line version utilized since June 22, 2014. The text of the ticker remains within the 16:9 safe area. 	[448]
021 	Draper Media announces it has agreed to purchase NBC affiliate WRDE-LD/Rehoboth Beach, Delaware (also serving Salisbury, Maryland) from SagamoreHill Broadcasting for $15,600,000. The purchase, which includes the construction permit for proposed WRDE translator WRUE-LD/Salisbury and is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2018 subject to FCC approval, would create a triopoly with primary CBS/subchannel-only Fox affiliate WBOC-TV and low-power Telemundo affiliate WBOC-LD. 	[449][450]
0[451]
022 	ESPN reiterates its longstanding policy of not carrying The Star-Spangled Banner and its ceremonies preceding its weekly telecasts of NFL Monday Night Football outside of weeks where news coverage deems it appropriate to do so, to renewed criticism from President Donald Trump ongoing from the previous two seasons. The NFL's other three carrying networks (CBS, Fox, and NBC) later state they will have the same carriage policy for the anthem ceremony during the upcoming season. 	[452][453]
0[454]
028 	The Central Texas College Board of Trustees votes to grant the reassignment of the license of PBS member station KNCT/Belton–Waco, Texas to Gray Television for $375,000. The deal – which was possible due to its UHF channel 38 allocation being one of a small number of PBS stations that transmit on a frequency not reserved for noncommercial use – would create a duopoly with Waco CBS affiliate KWTX-TV. The college trustee board voted in February 27 to wind down the operations of KNCT, which is set to cease operating as a PBS station at midnight on August 31, citing the $4.4-million cost that CTC would have had to invest in order to relocate the station's broadcast spectrum as part of the FCC’s spectrum repacking process. (See the "Station closures" section for more details.) 	[455][456]
0[457]
0During a live broadcast that was taking place at the scene of a recent overnight shooting that left a victim dead, KRDO-TV/Colorado Springs reporter Krystal Story and photographer Pete Miller are almost run over by a driver within inches, eventually crashing into the ABC affiliate's vehicle. The driver was arrested by Colorado Springs Police, who determined the incident to be accidental and unrelated to the crime scene. 	[458][459]
030 	CBS affiliate WWTV/Cadillac, Michigan and satellite WWUP-TV/Sault Ste. Marie are knocked off the air following a fire that destroyed the station's transmitter building (near its former studio facility near Tustin) shortly after 11:00 p.m. Thursday, which resulted in fire department crews having to raze much of the building to fight the blaze. The fire mostly did not affect Fox-affiliated SSA partner WFQX-TV and its Vanderbilt-licensed satellite WFUP (which is operated under a shared services agreement between Cadillac Telecasting and WWTV/WWUP owner Heritage Broadcasting Group), though its own DT2 simulcasts on WWTV/WWUP were also taken down. WWTV/WWUP's newscasts were temporarily streamed exclusively online until it was able to restore the signals to Spectrum systems in Michigan's northern Lower and eastern Upper Peninsulas the following afternoon, followed by DirecTV and Dish several hours later. 	[460][461]
0[462]
0September
0Date 	Event 	Source
03 	Big Ten Network indefinitely suspends college football analyst Braylon Edwards for violating the sports cable network's social media policy, after the former Michigan Wolverines receiver tweeted harsh criticism at Wolverines center Cesar Ruiz, quarterback Shea Patterson and head coach Jim Harbaugh for their performances in the team's 24-17 loss to the Notre Dame Fighting Irish two days earlier on September 1. BTN representatives did not elaborate on the reasoning for Edwards's suspension; however, Edwards criticized the parties in the since-deleted tweet, saying “Ruiz is weak, line is weak, [S]hea is scared, fucking Michigan offense is so predictable … Michigan football is sadly one thing … Trash,” Edwards apologized to Harbaugh, Patterson and Ruiz, but "still agree[s] with the overall message" of the comments. In a statement, Harbaugh said that “if somebody wants to attack character of anybody on the ball club, come after me — not the youngsters.” 	[463][464]
0[465]
04 	Charles Dolan (founder and former CEO of the cable provider), wife Helen Dolan and sons James Dolan (former CEO of the provider) and Patrick Dolan (former president and current senior network advisor for the regional news channels) file a lawsuit against Altice in the Delaware Chancery Court, alleging that the company violated its 2015 merger agreement to acquire Cablevision Systems Corporation on grounds that the since-renamed Altice USA unit committed fraud for allegedly starving the News 12 Networks of resources (including laying off dozens of employees and planning to lay off longtime News 12 anchor Colleen McVey under ageism allegations because executives allegedly wanted a “fresh look” for its on-air talent). The complaint states that Altice agreed to operate News 12 (which serves the outer boroughs of New York City as well as New Jersey and Connecticut) through the end of 2020, maintain a staff of 462 and incur cumulative losses of up to $60 million (which the suit also states fell below that target). Altice representatives stated that the lawsuit is "completely without merit" and that the company would "vigorously" defend itself. 	[466][467]
0[468][469]
05 	34-year-old Michael Chadwick Fry crashes a silver Dodge Ram twice into the studios of Fox Television Stations's Dallas–Fort Worth duopoly of Fox O&O KDFW and MyNetworkTV O&O KDFI around 6:12 a.m. Fry – whose actions, according to Senior Corporal Debra Webb of the Dallas Police Department's media relations unit, appeared not to be connected to any animosity toward the media, noting that he was apparently upset over a 2012 officer-involved shooting in a neighboring county – subsequently exited the truck while entering into a rant about treason, shattered the floor-to-ceiling windows on the building's front and placed boxes of papers containing rambling notes next to a side door (some of which were also strewn across the sidewalk and street adjacent to the building). Bomb squad crews temporarily evacuated most of KDFW–KDFI's employees from the downtown building to investigate a suspicious bag that the suspect left behind, although some employees remained in a secure part of the building to allow KDFW to provide coverage of the story during its morning newscast Good Day (the station does not maintain a streetside on-air studio, thus the crash was into empty offices). Fry – who has a criminal record that includes prior arrests for assault, disorderly conduct, public intoxication and burglary – was taken to a hospital for a medical evaluation, and was subsequently transferred to the Denton County Jail on a criminal mischief charge. 	[470][471]
0[472][473]
0[474][475]
0[476]
0Roy Moore files a defamation lawsuit against Sacha Baron Cohen, Showtime and its parent company CBS Corporation, seeking $95 million in damages on claims he was tricked into appearing on and “suffered extreme emotional distress” by being “falsely portrayed, mocked and defamed as a sex offender and pedophile” on Who Is America?. In the segment (originally aired on July 15), Cohen – as Gen. Erran Morad, one of his characters in the satire series – talks to Moore about "Israel-developed" technology that detects sex offenders and then scans the device over Moore, causing it to beep (it was actually a simple metal detector being activated by Moore's wristwatch). During his failed 2017 bid for the Alabama U.S. Senate seat formerly held by fellow Republican and current Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Moore – who was in his 30s at the time of the alleged incidents – was accused by several women of inappropriate sexual contact with them while they were teenagers during the 1970s. Moore claims in the suit that he was told he would appear on an Israeli television program, during which he would be awarded for his support of Israel. 	[477][478]
0[479]
06 	Fox Sports Detroit suspends Detroit Tigers play-by-play announcer Mario Impemba and color commentator Rod Allen for the remainder of the season after an alleged physical altercation that occurred on September 4, in which Allen reportedly placed Impemba in a choke hold at Chicago's Guaranteed Rate Field after a game they called between the Tigers and the Chicago White Sox, a claim Allen's agent has denied. Backup announcers Matt Shepard and Kirk Gibson replaced them for the rest of the season. It was later announced that Impemba and Allen's contracts (which expired this year) were not renewed for future seasons, ending their 17 years together as broadcast partners. 	[480][481]
07 	Host Heidi Klum, mentor Tim Gunn and judge Zac Posen announce that they will leave Project Runway (which is in the midst of returning to Bravo, the show's original carrier from 2004 to 2008, after an 11-season stint on Lifetime). Klum and Gunn, who had been part of the show since its inception, leave to develop a new reality series at Amazon Video, with no further details being revealed; Posen, who announced he would leave the show hours after the departures of Klum and Gunn were announced, departs after six seasons on the show. 	[482][483]
09 	CBS Corporation announces the departure of president and chief executive officer Les Moonves "effective immediately" as The New Yorker publishes more allegations of sexual misconduct in addition to what Ronan Farrow had reported for the magazine one month earlier. Chief operating officer Joseph Ianniello will take on the role of president/CEO in the interim, while the board looks for a successor. A separate settlement reached by National Amusements concurrently with Moonves's departure saw the corporate parent of CBS Corporation and Viacom agree to defer a proposed merger between the two companies for at least two years after the date of the settlement. 	[484]
012 	The National Rifle Association’s online video channel NRA-TV is facing a backlash after Dana Loesch, the host of the program Relentless, aired a segment in which she slammed the Nick Jr. cartoon series Thomas & Friends for adding two female characters to its cast, Rebecca and Nia, the latter from Kenya, along with a background image of the cartoon trains covered in white Ku Klux Klan hoods in front of burning tracks flash on the screen. Loesch criticized the decision to add more characters of racial and gender backgrounds (which in actuality, had been expanded by the show's creators since its 1979 TV introduction and had used female and ethnic characters in the book series dating back to its 1946 debut) saying “They’ve decided that the next stop is Virtue Town,” and then added “I’m really, really struggling to understand how in the world there isn’t any diversity in any of this.” She went further to say “Fair, I get it,” referencing the altered image, summing it up saying that “Thomas the Tank Engine has been a blight on race relations for far too long.” The segment was immediately slammed on social media, including a response from Mattel, the licensee of the British characters, stating “We are not associated with images that promote hate and denounce any images of our brands that are being used to convey a message not in line with the values of the company.” 	[485]
013 	Amid the onset of Hurricane Florence, employees at ABC affiliate WCTI-TV/Greenville–New Bern, North Carolina were forced to evacuate its studio facility as wind-driven storm surge resulted in water from the Neuse River flooding eastern portions of New Bern (the WCTI-TV studios are located two blocks from the Neuse, upriver from downtown New Bern). Photos released on station social media accounts on the morning of September 14 showed control rooms and production studios had been inundated with a few inches of river water. WCTI switched to a simulcast of hurricane coverage from fellow ABC affiliate WPDE-TV/Florence, South Carolina (both stations are owned by Sinclair Broadcast Group), until the former's staff were able to relocate to WPDE's Conway studios in order to resume local coverage of Florence. 	[486][487]
0[488][489]
0Gray Television announces it had reached an agreement to acquire SonLife Broadcasting Network affiliate KNHL/Hastings, Nebraska from Legacy Broadcasting for $475,000. Under the terms of the deal, which was originally agreed to on May 21, Gray plans to convert the station into a satellite of NBC affiliate KSNB-TV/Superior. (The two signals maintain significant overlap in coverage, although KSNB's signal reaches as far east as Lincoln [outside of KNHL's signal contour] and KNHL's reaches as far west as Kearney [outside of KSNB's signal contour].) Gray had sold KNHL – then KHAS-TV, which had been the NBC affiliate for the Hastings–Lincoln–Kearney–Grand Island market from its sign-on in January 1956 – to Legacy in August 2014, after scuttling a plan to sell the license to Excalibur Broadcasting and operate it under a local marketing agreement amid heightened FCC scrutiny of LMAs; Gray consequently transferred KHAS's intellectual unit to KSNB and a subchannel of CBS affiliate KOLN/KGIN that June. In connection with the sale, Gray also began leasing KNHL's DT3 subchannel to simulcast the group's Lincoln-based CW Plus affiliate KCWH-LD on September 1. 	[490][491]
0[492][493]
0[494]
014 	During The Weather Channel's coverage of Hurricane Florence, two men are seen casually walking behind Mike Seidel while the meteorologist is bracing his feet against the wind, leading to accusations on Twitter that Seidel had exaggerated the severity of the winds. In response, The Weather Channel stated, "It’s important to note that the two individuals in the background are walking on concrete, and Mike Seidel is trying to maintain his footing on wet grass, after reporting on-air until 1:00 a.m. ET this morning and is undoubtedly exhausted." 	[495][496]
017 	Julie Chen officially steps down as moderator of The Talk effective immediately, eight days after her husband Les Moonves departed as CBS Corporation CEO amid multiple allegations of sexual assault and harassment. Chen – who has co-hosted the CBS daytime talk show since its debut in October 2010 – had been absent from the program for the first week of its ninth season, which began on September 10; she addressed her decision to leave through a videotaped message to viewers on the following day's (September 18) broadcast. It had been speculated that Chen may not return to The Talk (which has discussed sexual harassment and assault allegations against various high-profile men in its opening topical segment several times over the past year) due to the allegations against Moonves as well as criticism she faced for publicly standing by him by referring to herself by her legal married name, Julie Chen Moonves, starting at the end of the September 13 eviction episode of Big Brother, on which she is expected to continue as host. 	[497][498]
0[499][500]
0The 70th Primetime Emmy Awards air on NBC hosted by Weekend Update anchors Colin Jost and Michael Che. Game of Thrones wins Outstanding Drama, while The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel wins five awards, including Outstanding Comedy Series, and Outstanding Lead Actress and Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series for Rachel Brosnahan and Alex Borstein respectively. The HBO series Barry wins Outstanding Lead and Supporting Actor for Bill Hader and Henry Winkler respectively. Highlights include a “Reparation Emmys” pre-taped sketch where Emmys are handed out to black actors of past beloved shows, a full tribute to Betty White, and a mid-speech marriage proposal from Outstanding Directing for a Variety Special winner Glenn Weiss, who had won for directing the 90th Academy Awards, to girlfriend Jan Svdesen. 	[501][502]
024 	At age 92, James Lipton steps down as host of Inside the Actors Studio. When the show completes its move to Ovation from Bravo, where it had aired since 1994, the show will have a series of rotating guest hosts. 	[503]
025 	Bill Cosby is sentenced to three to ten years in prison for his three counts of aggravated indecent assault. Earlier that day, the Television Critics Association rescinded their Career Achievement Award they had awarded him in 2002. 	[504][505]
027 	HBO Sports executive vice president Peter Nelson announces that the premium service will be "pivoting away" from carrying live boxing matches after 45 years. Its final scheduled televised match will air on October 27, with a middleweight title fight between Daniel Jacobs and Serhiy Derevyanchenko being held at Madison Square Garden. Nelson cited audience research suggesting that boxing is "no longer a determinant factor for HBO subscribers," with HBO's boxing telecasts having averaged around 820,000 viewers during 2018 (encompassing approximately 2% of its 40 million subscribers); the move also comes as the quality of the fights offered by HBO has declined due to increased competition from outlets such as Showtime and ESPN, along with the recent U.S. launch of sports streaming service DAZN (which has a broadcast agreement with Matchroom Boxing). Of its boxing analysts and commentators (which include Max Kellerman, Harold Lederman, Andre Ward and Roy Jones Jr.), only longtime play-by-play announcer Jim Lampley will remain employed with HBO. The move will mark the first time that HBO has not regularly offered live sports programming (HBO broadcast its first fight in January 1973, two months after the network launched, with a fight that saw George Foreman defeat Joe Frazier to win the world heavyweight championship), although Nelson said the network will refocus its sports content around more "high access, high ambition" programming that draws a wider audience, focusing more on sports-centered documentary series. 	[506][507]
0[508][509]
0Fox News Channel fires conservative contributor and radio host Kevin Jackson after he made a series of tweets regarding the credibility of Christine Blasey Ford, who on this day was giving testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee about being sexually assaulted and raped by Supreme Court nominee Brett Kavanaugh when they were teenagers, of which Kavanaugh has repeatedly denied, as well as claims from two more women whose story matches that of Ford's. The since-deleted (but saved by several social media platforms) messages had Jackson constantly making offending remarks while Ford was on television as she gave her detail of the events. The live broadcast hearings from both Ford and Kavanaugh also bought in 20.4 million viewers based on overnight ratings from the major broadcast networks (led by ABC with 3.26 million) and cable news outlets (with Fox News leading the entire day at 5.66 million), while CNN had its biggest day of 2018 and its sixth biggest day of all-time for live streaming with 8.2 million live starts on its website and apps. 	[510][511]
029 	The 44th season of Saturday Night Live premieres with Adam Driver as the host and Kanye West as musical guest. Notable moments include a re-enactment of the Brett Kavanaugh testimony from two days earlier with Matt Damon portraying the Supreme Court nominee in a cameo appearance, and a rant by West in support of President Donald Trump. In the speech, which did not air because it occurred after the show signed off, West said he was harassed by SNL personnel for wearing a red "Make America Great Again" hat, a claim refuted by a source to People who said the program had been very accommodating to the musician in the week leading up to air, and was caught off guard by the remarks. 	[512][513]
0[514]
0October
0Date 	Event 	Source
01–31 	Coinciding with the 25th anniversary of the 1993 comedy horror fantasy film Hocus Pocus (whose original cast from the movie will celebrate its 25th anniversary in a special to air on October 20), the Disney-owned cable channel Freeform launches its Halloween programming block 31 Nights of Halloween, which, for the first time since the channel commenced Halloween programming, will air throughout the whole month of October. Launched as 13 Nights of Halloween in 1998 on predecessor Fox Family (and carried over after the channel's subsequent relaunch as ABC Family) following the success of 25 Days of Christmas two years prior, the annual programming block broadcasts horror films and Halloween-based programming, which lasted from October 19 until Halloween night, covering the thirteen days before the holiday. 	[515][516]
01 	Viacom names Brian Robbins as the new president of Nickelodeon, succeeding Cyma Zarghami, having most recently worked with the network while at Paramount Players. Robbins – who began his career as an actor (most notably, playing the role of Eric Mardian in the 1986–91 ABC sitcom Head of the Class), before transitioning into television and film production in the early 1990s – is mostly known for his production partnership with Michael Tollin and their considerable output for both Nickelodeon and The WB/The CW (which included such series as All That, Kenan & Kel, The Amanda Show, Smallville, What I Like About You and One Tree Hill). 	[517]
0Altice USA's contract to carry services owned by 21st Century Fox on Optimum and Suddenlink expired on that date. The carriage dispute involved Fox owned-and-operated stations WNYW/New York City, WTXF-TV/Philadelphia, KSAZ-TV/Phoenix, and KRIV/Houston, as well as MyNetworkTV O&Os WWOR-TV/New York City, KUTP/Phoenix, and KTXH/Houston and cable channels FX, FXX, FXM, Fox Sports 1, Fox Sports 2, Fox Deportes, National Geographic Channel, and Nat Geo Wild. A new carriage agreement was reached between Fox and Altice four days later; in the interim, the channels remained available to Optimum and Suddenlink subscribers as Altice and Fox continued negotiations to secure a new contract. 	[518][519]
0[520][521]
03 	In an interview with the Electronic Urban Report, Damon Wayans announces that he will leave his role as Roger Murtaugh on Lethal Weapon after production concludes on the third season's original 13-episode order in December. Wayans cited the strain of doing episode shoots lasting up to 16 hours per day due to health issues related to his diabetes, and that his role in the Fox action dramedy hampered his personal life (noting the work schedule caused him not to be present for his mother and daughter's recent surgeries). The move comes two weeks after former co-star Clayne Crawford's character Martin Riggs was killed off in the show's season three premiere following his firing in May amid multiple on-set altercations and behind-the-scenes friction with Wayans, with Seann William Scott joining the show as Murtaugh's new partner, Wesley Cole. Crawford had previously explained in an August interview with the Drinkin'Bros podcast that Wayans never wanted to do Lethal Weapon, having previously approached series production company Warner Bros. Television CEO Peter Roth about starring in another series project before being cast in the television adaptation of the action comedy films. 	[522][523]
0[524][525]
0[526]
04 	Conan O'Brien hosts his final hour-long show after 25 years across three programs, Late Night with Conan O'Brien, The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien and Conan, as the latter prepares to transition to a less structured 30-minute format starting in January 2019. As part of the change, it was announced that O'Brien's longtime house band Jimmy Vivino and the Basic Cable Band will no longer appear on the program. O'Brien also announces the launch of a new website that will contain digitally remastered episodes of all three programs. 	[527]
05 	ABC returns the TGIF programming block to its schedule thirteen years after its second run ended, coinciding with the season premieres of returning comedies Fresh Off the Boat and Speechless (both of which moved to that night from their respective original Tuesday and Wednesday 8:30 p.m. [ET] timeslots), and game show Child Support. Originally running from 1989 to 2000 and again from 2003 to 2005, the block mainly featured situation comedies aimed at a family audience (including among others, Full House, Perfect Strangers, Family Matters, Step by Step, Sabrina the Teenage Witch and Boy Meets World), which served as a lead-in to the network's long-running newsmagazine 20/20. 	[528][529]
0[530]
0NBC affiliate KTTC/Rochester, Minnesota fires multimedia reporter James Bunner for violating company policy that prohibits staff members to cover stories while wearing apparel from political campaigns. The move came after Bunner, who had been at the Quincy Media outlet since December 2017, went on air during the station’s newscast wearing a “Make America Great Again” cap while also wearing his KTTC apparel as he was covering President Donald Trump’s visit in Rochester on October 4. 	[531]
09 	Panelists Tara Setmeyer and Scott Jennings, and Congressman Bakari Sellers, cause controversy when they repeatedly call rapper and Donald Trump supporter Kanye West a "negro" and claim he's mentally ill and an "attention whore" on CNN Tonight, while host Don Lemon (who Trump has harshly criticized in the past) laughed at the comments. This comes after West made pro-Trump comments on Saturday Night Live on September 29 and subsequently had lunch with the President at the White House on October 11. West has had a battle with opioid addiction and bipolar disorder. 	[532][533]
0The 2018 American Music Awards, with YouTube Music as its first presenting sponsor which were held at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles, air on ABC. Tracee Ellis Ross serves as host of the broadcast for the second consecutive year. It also marked the first time in the award’s history that the AMAs were held on a Tuesday. The three-hour live ceremony – which focused on several political-related topics, including Swift and comedian-host/award presenter Billy Eichner's messages to Americans, urging them to register and vote for the upcoming 2018 midterm elections on November 6, and Ross wearing a "I'm a Voter" shirt during one of her hosting spiels – delivered a 1.8 rating and 6.5 million total viewers, the lowest viewership average for the ceremony since the 2017 telecast. 	[534][535]
0[536][537]
0[538][539]
010 	Amid the landfall of Hurricane Michael, the storm – which produced Category 4 winds sustained at 155 miles per hour (249 km/h) near its eyewall at the time it moved ashore on the Florida Panhandle coast – renders the majority, if not all, of the television stations in Panama City, Florida inoperable due to the city's proximity to the eyewall (which made landfall near Mexico Beach, approximately 20 miles [32 km] to the southeast) and its associated strongest winds. Gray Television-owned NBC affiliate WJHG-TV and CBS affiliate WECP-LD were the first broadcast outlets to be affected, as their studio/transmitter link tower (which also housed the main transmitter for ESPN Radio affiliate WGSX) collapsed around 12:00 p.m. CDT, and parts of the roof of their studio facility were torn off. Nexstar Media Group-owned ABC affiliate WMBB subsequently lost its main power and its backup generator around 12:15 p.m. CDT. (In the interim, WMBB provided live coverage from its sister stations WFLA-TV/Tampa and WDHN/Dothan, Alabama – the latter of which, along with Gray-owned CBS affiliate WTVY, was also knocked off-air later that day as Michael passed over the Alabama Wiregrass – on its website and cable feed afterward.) 	[540][541]
014 	The CW debuts its new main Sunday prime time lineup – running from 8:00 to 10:00 p.m. ET/PT – consisting of Supergirl (which, for its fourth season, moved to that night from its original Monday slot) and a reboot of the 1998–2006 WB series Charmed. The night was informally reclaimed the prior Sunday (October 7), with the network's annual two-night season lead-off telecast of the iHeartRadio Music Festival, replacing syndicated series or feature film packages, and/or local programs (including in some cases, paid programming) that CW stations had run in the time period. It marked the first time the network has programmed that night since it turned over its previous five-hour Sunday timeslot (a byproduct of The CW's original adoption of co-predecessor The WB's 30-hour weekly base schedule upon the former's 2006 launch) to its affiliates in September 2009. The two hours of programming is in line with The CW's Monday through Friday night schedules, rather than taking the extra hour (7:00 to 8:00 p.m. ET/PT) that the other conventional American broadcast networks traditionally program on Sunday evenings – the first such instance of a major network not programming that hour since a 1975 revision to the now-repealed Prime Time Access Rule reserved it for network content – to avoid any competition with the NFL. 	[542][543]
0[544][545]
016 	Sinclair Broadcast Group signs an agreement with Jukin Media to assume operational responsibilities for its digital content-focused multicast network TBD, effective immediately. The agreement will also result in the expansion of Jukin-supplied content on TBD’s programming lineup. The operational agreement replaces a programming content deal involving QYOU Media that Sinclair's digital content unit, Sinclair Digital Group, agreed to terminate on September 13, which (since the network's launch in February 2017) had seen the former supply sampler blocks of short-form digital video content seen on its namesake international premium service The QYOU for broadcast during TBD's daytime, evening and overnight lineups. 	[546][547]
0[548][549]
017 	Caroll Spinney, the performer of Big Bird and Oscar the Grouch on Sesame Street from its inception in 1969, announced his retirement from the children's television program effective this week. His final scenes in the roles will air as part of the show's landmark 50th season. Matt Vogel and Eric Jacobson will then take over as Big Bird and Oscar respectively. 	[550]
024 	A series of suspicious packages are sent to numerous individuals that are associated with the Democratic Party (including Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton) or those with liberal views and causes in the course of one day. CNN is also among the many targets that also received the packages at its New York studios, addressed to former CIA Director John O. Brennan, who now works at NBC News and MSNBC but has appeared as a commentator on CNN in the past. The Time Warner Center was evacuated, with shows based there taking their crews outdoors to broadcast. The investigation is being treated a federal crime and has been condemned by both the media and political parties. The NYPD said the device sent to CNN appears to be a crude pipe bomb. CNN President Jeff Zucker said about the mailings, "There is a total and complete lack of understanding at the White House about the seriousness of their continued attacks on the media. The president, and especially the White House press secretary, should understand their words matter. Thus far, they have shown no comprehension of that." That was in response to President Donald Trump’s slow reaction to how he condemned the aborted attacks and then blamed it on the media, as well as responses from the conservative spectrum who called it a “false flag” and suggested it was set up by the Democratic Party ahead of the November 6 Midterms. A second package addressed to former National Intelligence Director James Clapper with Time Warner Center's address was intercepted at a New York City postal facility two days later. On October 26, Cesar Alteri Sayoc Jr., a Donald Trump supporter with a lengthy criminal history, is arrested in Plantation, Florida after his van was spotted by locals who recognized his vehicle with bumper stickers displaying conservative messages. Sayoc has been indicted on five federal counts. On October 29, CNN President Jeff Zucker issued an alert to employees that a suspicious package addressed to the CNN Center was found at a post office in Atlanta, Georgia. Jim Sciutto posted a picture of the package on Twitter and it was identical to the ones found previously. Unlike the others sent to CNN, it was not addressed to any specific person. 	[551][552]
0[553][554]
0[555][556]
0[557]
026 	NBC cancels Megyn Kelly Today, three days after host Megyn Kelly made comments suggesting it was acceptable for white people to dress in blackface for Halloween "as long as it was respectful and part of a Halloween costume." Kelly apologized the following day, on what would be the show's final taping. NBC News will return to the practice of having Today anchors host in what was Kelly's timeslot, with it being rebranded Today Third Hour, while it determines whether she will remain with the network. 	[558][559]
0[560][559]
027 	NBC News White House correspondent Peter Alexander is named as the new co-anchor of the Saturday edition of Today, succeeding Craig Melvin, who left the NBC morning program's Saturday edition in August to focus on his work at the program's weekday edition (he was promoted as the program's news anchor on September 4) and the 11:00 a.m. (ET) edition of MSNBC's MSNBC Live. 	[561]
028 	Fox News announces that Chris Farrell, a member of the Judicial Watch organization's board of directors, has been banned from both their News and business channels, including their websites, and all appearances featuring him were removed immediately. The move comes after Farrell went on Lou Dobbs Tonight’s October 25 broadcast, where he made a claim that billionaire George Soros was funding the migrant caravan that has been heading towards the Mexico–United States border, of which Fox saw the comments as anti-Semitic, since Soros, himself a jew, was one of the 14 individuals who was a target of a failed bomb plot attempt the same week the segment aired (and just two days before a mass shooting at a synagogue in Pittsburgh that left 11 people dead). In a statement from Fox Business Network Senior Vice President of Programming Gary Schreier, “We condemn the rhetoric by the guest on Lou Dobbs Tonight. This episode was a repeat (the episode came to notice during a repeat the night of the 27th, the day of the shooting) which has now been pulled from all future airings." 	[562]
029 	Evening Post Industries announces the sale of subsidiary Cordillera Communications' fifteen television stations, in order to focus around its newspaper properties and heath care, marketing and real estate interests. The E. W. Scripps Company will purchase fourteen stations – NBC affiliates WLEX-TV/Lexington, KOAA-TV/Pueblo–Colorado Springs and KSBY/San Luis Obispo, ABC affiliate KATC/Lafayette, Louisiana; the Montana Television Network (comprising CBS-affiliated KTVQ/Billings, KXLF/Butte and its Bozeman satellite KBZK, KRTV/Great Falls and Helena satellite station KXLH-LD, and KPAX-TV/Missoula and its Kalispell satellite station KAJJ-CD, and NBC-affiliated KTVH-DT/Helena and Great Falls satellite station KBGF); and the Corpus Christi virtual triopoly of NBC affiliate KRIS-TV, Telemundo affiliate K22JA-D and CBS-affiliated sister KZTV (the latter of which Cordillera operates through an SSA with SagamoreHill Broadcasting) – for $521 million. Cordillera will separately sell NBC affiliate KVOA/Tucson to Quincy Media for $70 million (Scripps cannot acquire KVOA as it has an existing duopoly in that market involving ABC affiliate KGUN-TV and CW affiliate KWBA-TV). 	[563][564]
0[565][566]
030 	Nexstar Media Group reaches an agreement to purchase KFVE/Honolulu and satellites KGMD-TV/Hilo and KGMV/Wailuku from MCG Capital Corporation and American Spirit Media (the latter of which exercised an existing option to purchase KFVE) for $6.5 million. The terms of the acquisition – which would create a duopoly with Fox affiliate KHON-TV (which Nexstar has owned since January 2017) – include a time brokerage agreement, under which Nexstar will assume certain managerial services to KFVE that had been provided by Raycom Media (which had operated KFVE under a shared services agreement with NBC affiliate KHNL and CBS affiliate KGMB since August 2009), which itself will continue to provide other services not covered by the Nexstar TBA on a transitional basis. KFVE's syndicated and local programming – sans its MyNetworkTV affiliation – will shift to a subchannel of either KHNL or KGMB (with the KFVE calls being retained by Raycom for branding purposes), with its Bounce TV affiliation moving from KFVE-DT2 to KGMB-DT4. (It is unclear whether KHON will move the CW and syndicated programming on its DT2 feed to the KFVE license.) The deal, which rectifies an ownership conflict related to Raycom's pending purchase of Gray Television, is expected to receive regulatory approval in the first quarter of 2019. 	[567][568]
0[569][570]
031 	In an unexpected moment on American morning television, ABC's Good Morning America and NBC's Today celebrate Halloween with their respective 1980s-themed costume reveal parties, where the programs' anchors and hosts dressed up as different iconic TV and movie characters and music artists from that decade. 	[571]
0Quincy Media announced that it will acquire Harrisburg, Illinois-licensed ABC affiliate WSIL-TV and Poplar Bluff, Missouri satellite KPOB-TV from Mel Wheeler, Inc. for $24.5 million. WSIL would be Quincy's fourth station in its home state of Illinois. 	[572][573]
0Dish Network and Sling TV drop HBO and Cinemax from their services, the first drop of any HBO network by any provider for retransmission consent issues in HBO's 46-year history, despite HBO asking for an extension in negotiations. Dish Network blames the blackout on HBO's purchase by AT&T, also the owner of rival DirecTV, with one Dish executive stating the move was a ploy to "steal away customers." Both Dish and Sling provide HDNet Movies as a replacement, along with appropriate customer credits as the dispute goes on. 	[574]
0November
0Date 	Event 	Source
03 	During a bit on Saturday Night Live's "Weekend Update", cast member Pete Davidson offers mocking commentary of Dan Crenshaw, a former Navy SEAL who lost an eye in combat and won a seat in the United States House of Representatives as a Republican from Texas the next week. Several conservatives, including Crenshaw, took exception to the bit, with the National Republican Congressional Committee coming back at Davidson by referencing his breakup with pop singer Ariana Grande. Appearing on Today, Davidson's castmate Kenan Thompson agreed that the joke was over the line, but didn't think the intent was to be malicious. Crenshaw appeared on Weekend Update the following week and Davidson apologized to him in person. 	[575][576]
0[577]
05 	NBCUniversal, CNN, Fox News and Fox Business Network announce they are pulling an ad from the Trump Campaign that focuses on the "7,000-migrant caravan" crossing Mexico that has been in the news — and the subject of many of President Trump's tweets and rally speeches — in recent days. The ad also spotlights Luis Bracamontes, an undocumented immigrant who was convicted of murdering two sheriff's deputies in California in 2014, and plays a clip of him seeming to brag about the killings: "Only thing that I regret is that I just killed two." The ad ran during NBC’s Sunday Night Football on November 4, only to receive major backlash from viewers, who saw the ad as racist, prompting NBC to pull it from all of their platforms, including MSNBC and CNBC. The National Football League's media committee had veto power over the offending ad, citing its policy that prohibits “social cause/issue advocacy advertising” unless approved in advance, and the league prohibiting advertising for guns, contraceptives, fireworks, cannabis, “male enhancement” products and “energy drinks.” CNN, who had turned down the ad a day earlier, also responded to Donald Trump Jr.'s Twitter rant accusing the news channel of rejecting the ad: "CNN has made it abundantly clear in its editorial coverage that this ad is racist. When presented with an opportunity to be paid to take a version of this ad, we declined. Those are the facts." A spokesman for Fox News said the reason for pulling the ad was “under further review” but did not elaborate further. 	[578][579]
06 	The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, Late Night with Seth Meyers, and The Daily Show with Trevor Noah aired special live episodes to cover the results of the midterm elections. 	[580][581]
0Nathan Johnson, a music composer for television programs (notably in particular the American episodes and theme song for Dragonball Z), wins a seat in the Texas State Senate’s 16th district. Johnson, a Democrat who also holds a magna cum laude from the University of Arizona with a degree in physics, a law degree from the University of Texas at Austin, and does volunteering for victims of domestic violence while attending college, will succeed Republican incumbent Don Huffines in the Dallas suburban area. 	[582]
07 	On the day after the midterms, the White House revokes the press credentials of Jim Acosta hours after a press conference in which President Trump argued with the CNN correspondent over the latter's line of questioning into the investigation of Russian interference in the 2016 Presidential elections. White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders cited Acosta coming into contact with an intern who tried to take the microphone from him – Acosta's arm accidentally came into contact with the intern's while he moved to shield it from being taken – as reason for the suspension. (The White House later circulated a video posted by conspiracy theorist Paul Joseph Watson that was edited to appear as if Acosta physically accosted the intern during said interaction, an account that Acosta, CNN and other White House correspondents have refuted.) Additionally, Trump called Acosta "a rude, terrible person (who) shouldn't be working for CNN." CNN, individual journalists and several major journalism advocacy groups (including the White House Correspondents' Association, the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press and the Radio Television Digital News Association) denounced the move, with some commentators suggesting that CNN and Acosta should sue the administration for violating Acosta's press freedom rights under the First Amendment or that reporters should boycott future White House press conferences in solidarity with Acosta. Trump had other tense exchanges with reporters during the presser, including one in which he deemed a question from PBS correspondent Yamiche Alcindor about Trump's self-labeling as a nationalist and its effect on white nationalists as "racist". CNN filed a lawsuit against the Trump Administration in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia on November 13 to reverse the administration's decision on grounds that the decision violated Acosta's press freedom rights under the First Amendment, due process rights under the Fifth Amendment and the Administrative Procedure Act. The network demands the return of Acosta's White House credentials through an immediate restraining order ruling or by arbitration. CNN representatives added, "While the suit is specific to CNN and Acosta, this could have happened to anyone. If left unchallenged, the actions of the White House would create a dangerous chilling effect for any journalist who covers elected officials." They also cite that "Neither the White House nor the Secret Service has provided Acosta any formal notice of the reasons for, opportunity to be heard regarding, or opportunity to challenge, the decision to revoke his hard pass." The Trump administration responded to the suit by stating it will "vigorously defend against this lawsuit" and calling CNN's accusations "just more grandstanding." Several media outlets filed amicus briefs supporting CNN, most notably their competitor Fox News, whose President Jay Wallace wrote in announcing their decision to file, "Fox News supports CNN in its legal effort to regain its White House reporter’s press credential. [...] Secret Service passes for working White House journalists should never be weaponized. While we don’t condone the growing antagonistic tone by both the President and the press at recent media avails, we do support a free press, access and open exchanges for the American people." Judge Timothy J. Kelly – a Trump appointee to the D.C. District Court who presided over the case – ruled in favor of CNN on November 16, ordering Acosta's credentials to be reinstated immediately, a ruling signaling that CNN likely would prevail in other aspects of the case. CNN dropped the lawsuit on November 19 after the White House returned Acosta's press pass. 	[583][584]
0[585][586]
0[587][588]
0[589][590]
0[591][592]
0[593]
08 	Authorities in Baxter County, Arkansas arrest 39-year-old Benjamin Craig Matthews on suspicion of making 40 calls to CNN in which he allegedly harassed the network and made death threats against at least one unidentified reporter, including multiple counts of felony terroristic threatening and multiple counts of misdemeanor harassing communications, of which occurred between October 31 and November 2. Matthews is also accused of making calls to another unidentified television network and to various public officials and organizations. 	[594]
0Several protestors from antifa group Smash Racism D.C. are arrested outside of Fox News host Tucker Carlson's home and charged with vandalizing private property after cracking its front door. The demonstration was condemned by several media organizations including Fox News, CNN, and The Washington Post, and the group's Twitter account was suspended for posting the home's address. 	[595]
09 	Production on several television shows and projects are put on hold due to the ongoing Woolsey Fire that has consumed portions of Los Angeles County, California, and burned over 35,000 acres of land. Among the properties that became casualties of the fire includes the 91-year-old Paramount Ranch studios and the mansion where The Bachelor is filmed. 	[596][597]
011 	With the Democrats ready to make preparations to control the United States House of Representatives in January 2019, several key members have taken to Sunday morning talk shows to signal indications that they might look into President Donald Trump’s ongoing criticisms of media organizations and whether he is violating any laws based on his constant Twitter feeds and his on air press conferences. The move comes in the wake of Trump’s decision to revoke CNN reporter Jim Acosta’s White House credentials and his threat to remove more reporters, his opposition to CNN parent Time Warner’s merger with AT&T, and his battle with Jeff Bezos (and his criticisms against The Washington Post and Amazon.com). 	[598][599]
0The University of Louisville fires head football coach Bobby Petrino after five years in a second stint (the first coming from 2003-2006). The announcement happens to come during the airing of his weekly coach's show on Louisville's NBC affiliate WAVE via a news ticker; the show itself had pre-taped only several hours before. 	[600][601]
0The 44th People's Choice Awards airs on E! It's the first People's Choice ceremony to air on a network other than CBS, as well as the first time the ceremony airs late in the calendar year. 	[602]
014 	The 52nd Country Music Association Awards aired on ABC with Brad Paisley and Carrie Underwood returning as hosts. 	[603]
016 	Channing Dungey announces she will step down as president of ABC Entertainment, with Karey Burke, head of original programming at ABC-owned Freeform, tapped to succeed her. Dungey had been with ABC for 14 years, and in 2016 became the first African-American to head a broadcast network. Her departure comes ahead of ABC parent Disney's completing its acquisition of many of 21st Century Fox's cable TV and production assets. 	[604]
019 	iHeart Media's syndicated Country music morning show host Bobby Bones and partner Sharna Burgess are crowned winners of the 27th season of Dancing with the Stars. Bones is the first radio personality in the series to win the Mirrorball, and the first win for dancer Burgess. 	[605]
020 	Apollo Global Management, KKR, Blackstone Group, Sinclair Broadcast Group, Tegna Media, and Amazon have emerged as candidates interested in acquiring the 22 Fox regional sports networks that regulators have said The Walt Disney Company must divest as part of its acquisition of large parts of 21st Century Fox, estimated to be worth $20 billion. The sale would exclude YES Network, which airs New York Yankees, Brooklyn Nets, and New York City Football Club soccer games, that could end up back under full control of the Yankees baseball club, which owns a 20 percent stake, as the Yankees and a sovereign wealth fund have submitted bids for the YES Network. 	[606]
021 	Liberman Broadcasting, the owners of Estrella TV and its 11 O&Os, file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, stating that it has outstanding funded debt obligations in the aggregate amount of approximately $530 million. The Spanish/multicultural broadcaster's lien lender, HPS Investment Partners LLC is involved in litigation with an ad hoc group of its second lien noteholders, as well as seeking approval of up to $38 million in debtor-in-possession financing. it also has issues with creditors TMI Trust Company ($27,954,755), US Bank NA ($8,464,963), ASCAP ($1,977,292), and The A.C. Nielsen Company (Nielsen Media Research with $1,063,095 and Nielsen Audio with $532,798). 	[607]
022 	A panel/pundit segment on Fox News is brought to an abrupt halt when Turning Point USA’s director of Spanish engagement Anna Paulina compares 2016 Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton to herpes in a discussion about her email controversy. Hour host Rick Leventhal quickly chastised her comment and ended her feed, continuing the conversation with only analyst Douglas Schoen. Leventhal later apologized for Paulina's comment, with fellow host Arthel Neville also doing so, saying 'we are all Americans...and we want to reiterate that we do not condone the language that Anna Paulina just displayed here, and we apologize to Secretary Clinton for that; Fox News does not condone her sentiment.' 	[608]
0For the first time ever on television, a same-sex kiss takes place during a broadcast of the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. The moment occurred during a performance from the Broadway musical The Prom, with the lead stars Caitlin Kinnunen and Isabelle McCalla (who play the Indiana teenagers who make headlines when their local PTA cancelled their high school prom and they fight back against the ban because of their decision to go the prom together) embraced and kissed each other during the performance. Meanwhile, a few musical artists – most notably, English singer Rita Ora (who performed the single "Let You Love Me") – experienced technical difficulties during their performances on the floats, sparking widespread criticism from viewers on social media (both Macy's and fellow performer John Legend defended Ora following her performance, with the former issuing an apology later that day regarding lip-syncing issues and the latter noting that the floats do not have the sound requirements necessary to conduct live performances). 	[609][610]
0[611][612]
023 	Due to technical difficulties, Turner Sports's Bleacher Report Live issues refunds of $19.95, plus state sales tax, to customers who had purchased a pay per view golf contest between Tiger Woods and Phil Mickelson, known simply as The Match, after buyers had been unable to log on to its website to watch it via that means; Turner decided to open up the paywall in response, allowing anyone to watch for free online. Turner Sports parent AT&T also issued refunds to DirecTV and U-verse customers, as did Charter Spectrum, Comcast, Cox Communications, and Dish Network/Sling TV who had purchased it through cable's In Demand and DirecTV/Dish's pay per view systems. 	[613][614]
027 	Fox News Channel launches a stand-alone subscription streaming service based on its mixed user-generated content/opinion Fox Nation site, which offers political commentary and opinion programming aimed at Fox News "superfans" that supplements those seen on the cable network. The service features live exclusive content and long-form programming, exclusive events and archived Fox News programs. The first of these efforts is the daily First/Final Thoughts opinion commentary from pundit Tomi Lahren. 	[615][616]
0[617][618]
029 	CNN dismisses professor/author/activist Marc Lamont Hill as a contributor after remarks he made during a speech before the United Nations observing the International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People concerning the occupation of Palestinians by the Israeli government, in which he said that those seeking a two-state solution to the unrest must "commit to political action, grass-roots action, local action and international action [to work toward] a free Palestine from the river to the sea". CNN representatives did not provide reasoning for his firing (although it was alleged his use of the "from the river to the sea," a phrase used by members of the militant group Hamas may have precipitated it), which received criticism from pro-Palestinian activists, who accused the network of caving to pressure from pro-Israeli groups. 	[619][620]
0[621][622]
0[623][624]
030 	Fox News issues an apology for comments made by musician and Trump supporter Kid Rock, who was appearing on Fox and Friends during a interview with Steve Doocy, in which Rock made a remark about political correctness, only to add to the conversation the following sentence: "People need to calm down, get a little less politically correct. And, I would say, you know, love everybody, except — I'd say screw that Joy Behar bitch. ... I mean lady. Lady." Doocy then told Rock that line was inappropriate: "You cannot say that... We apologize for that. Listen, she's just got a different point of view than you do." Rock said that it was meant as a joke but after Doocy asked him to apologize, Rock’s mixed response was "I did apologize for the language, not the sentiment." (The latter a reference to Behar’s criticism over his 2017 visit to the White House with Ted Nugent and Sarah Palin that included the photo with the trio in front of portrait of Hilary Clinton); Doocy then apologize to viewers for Rock’s tepid response: "We don't feel that way. We apologize for both." Doocy’s co-host Ainsley Earhardt issued another apology to viewers regarding Kid Rock’s statements, which immediately gets the attention of The View and the hosts as well; after they show the audience the exchange between Doocy and Rock, Behar's co-host Sunny Hostin led the table's collective denouncement by opening the segment "You come for one of us, you came for all of us, Kid Rock." Behar then issued a challenge to Rock: "All I can say is, this bitch — and these bitches — will be happy to have you on the show and have a beer." The fallout also cost Kid Rock his duties as Grand Marshal of the Nashville Christmas Parade after officials and organizers were upset over his actions; James Shaw Jr., better known as the Waffle House hero for his effort to thwart a mass shooting in Nashville in April, was named the new Grand Marshal. 	[625][626]
0[627]
0The studios of KTVA/Anchorage, Alaska suffer severe damage after major earthquakes hit the city. Much of the damage was sustained to the CBS affiliate's news and production facilities (including damage to ceiling tiles, piping and HVAC machinery in the newsroom, flooding from broken pipes and malfunctioning sprinklers, and the station's tape archive (which included footage from the inaugural Iditarod in 1973) being knocked over into a pile in one storage room); one KTVA reporter stated that portions of the facility were "absolutely destroyed." Other television and radio stations (including NBC affiliate KTUU and the duopoly of ABC affiliate KYUR and Fox affiliate KTBY) were also briefly knocked off the air following the quake. 	[628][629]
0December
0Date 	Event 	Source
01 	Tegna and Dish Network reach a multi-year carriage agreement hours after Tegna's 47 owned and/or operated television stations were removed from the satellite provider, after it rejected Dish’s offer of a short-term extension to a retransmission consent agreement that expired at midnight (ET) on this date, which would have included a retroactive true-up when a new fee rate was agreed upon. 	[630]
02 	The 2018 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show is broadcast on ABC. The 2018 edition marked the show's move to ABC after years of being broadcasted on CBS. 3.3 million people tune in, bringing the fashion show its lowest ratings ever.[631][632]
03 	Nexstar Media Group announces it will acquire Tribune Media in an all-cash deal valued at $6.4 billion, including the assumption of outstanding debt held by Tribune. The deal – which is expected to close late in the third quarter of 2019 – would make Nexstar the largest television station operator by total number of stations (with as many as 216 stations it owns directly or operates through third parties in 118 markets, including properties in 18 of the top 25 U.S. media markets and 37 of the top 50 markets), although Nexstar intends to divest certain stations to address conflicting properties (in Indianapolis, Salt Lake City, Memphis, Grand Rapids, Fort Smith–Fayetteville, Des Moines, Portland [Ore.], Huntsville, Hartford–New Haven, Harrisburg, Scranton–Wilkes Barre, Richmond, the Quad Cities and Washington, D.C.–Hagerstown, although neither of the companies' respective stations in the latter market are among the four highest-rated and can form a legal duopoly) and to comply with the 39% national ownership cap as well as other "non-core" assets. It will also mark the group's entry into network ownership through the acquisition of digital multicast networks Antenna TV and (Tribune's 50% share in) This TV, cable channels WGN America and CLTV and Tribune's 31% interest in TV Food Network LLC. 	[633]
0Future events
0December
0Date 	Event 	Source
016 	The Miss Universe 2018 pageant will be held in Bangkok, Thailand and broadcast on Fox and Azteca, with Steve Harvey returning as host. 	[634]
0TBA 	The Phoenix, Arizona television market becomes the “test pad” market for the ATSC 3.0 transmission system, also known as “Next-Gen TV,” as all major English- and Spanish-language stations transition to the new system. A “lighthouse” ATSC 1.0 station will operate to minimize disruption with current over-the-air viewership. 	[635]
0Television programs
0Programs debuting in 2018
0
0These shows are scheduled to premiere in 2018. The premiere dates may be changed depending on a variety of factors.
0First aired 	Title 	Channel 	Source
0January 1 	Love & Hip Hop: Miami 	VH1 	[636]
0January 2 	LA to Vegas 	Fox 	[637]
0January 3 	9-1-1 	[638]
0Grown-ish 	Freeform 	[639]
0WAGS Atlanta 	E! 	[640]
0January 4 	The Four: Battle for Stardom 	Fox 	[641]
0January 5 	Child Support 	ABC 	[642]
0January 7 	The Chi 	Showtime 	[643]
0January 10 	Alone Together 	Freeform 	[644]
0January 12 	Electric Dreams 	Amazon Video 	[645]
0My Next Guest Needs No Introduction with David Letterman 	Netflix 	[646]
0January 15 	The Adventures of Kid Danger 	Nickelodeon 	[647]
0January 16 	Black Lightning 	The CW 	[648]
0January 17 	Corporate 	Comedy Central 	[649]
0Relative Success with Tabatha 	Bravo 	[650]
0January 19 	Trolls: The Beat Goes On! 	Netflix 	[651]
0January 20 	Cavuto Live 	Fox News 	[652]
0January 21 	The Resident 	Fox 	[637]
0January 22 	The Alienist 	TNT 	[653]
0Mosaic 	HBO 	[654]
0January 23 	We'll Meet Again with Ann Curry 	PBS 	[655]
0January 25 	Tom vs Time 	Facebook Watch 	[656]
0January 26 	Britannia 	Amazon Video 	[657]
0January 31 	Step Up: High Water 	YouTube Premium 	[658]
0February 1 	A.P. Bio 	NBC 	[659]
0February 2 	Altered Carbon 	Netflix 	[660]
0Fly Guys 	Facebook Watch 	[661]
0February 6 	Bethenny & Fredrik 	Bravo 	[662]
0February 7 	Celebrity Big Brother 	CBS 	[663]
0February 11 	Here and Now 	HBO 	[664]
0Our Cartoon President 	Showtime 	[665]
0February 13 	The Bachelor Winter Games 	ABC 	[666]
0February 15 	Behind the Wall: Bubba Wallace 	Facebook Watch 	[667]
0February 16 	Everything Sucks! 	Netflix 	[668]
0February 17 	Inside the Madness: Kentucky Basketball 	Facebook Watch 	[669]
0February 18 	The Joel McHale Show with Joel McHale 	Netflix 	[670]
0Meet the Peetes 	Hallmark Channel 	[671]
0February 19 	Pinkalicious & Peterrific 	PBS Kids 	[672]
0February 23 	Apple & Onion 	Cartoon Network 	[673]
0Seven Seconds 	Netflix 	[674]
0February 24 	Knight Squad 	Nickelodeon 	[675]
0February 26 	Final Space 	TBS 	[676]
0Good Girls 	NBC 	[677]
0Living Biblically 	CBS 	[678]
0February 27 	Unsolved 	USA Network 	[679]
0Winter Break: Hunter Mountain 	MTV/MTV2 	[680]
0March 4 	The Alec Baldwin Show 	ABC 	[681]
0March 7 	Life Sentence 	The CW 	[682]
0March 8 	Champions 	NBC 	[683]
0The Oath 	Sony Crackle 	[684]
0March 9 	Nailed It! 	Netflix 	[685]
0March 11 	Deception 	ABC 	[686]
0March 13 	For the People
0Rise 	NBC 	[677]
0March 15 	The Tattoo Shop 	Facebook Watch 	[687]
0March 16 	On My Block 	Netflix 	[688]
0March 18 	Genius Junior 	NBC 	[689]
0Instinct 	CBS 	[678]
0March 21 	Krypton 	Syfy 	[690]
0Bear Grylls: Face the Wild 	Facebook Watch 	[661]
0March 22 	Station 19 	ABC 	[686]
0March 23 	Alexa and Katie 	Netflix 	[691]
0March 25 	Barry 	HBO 	[692]
0The Terror 	AMC 	[693]
0Trust 	FX 	[694]
0March 26 	Keep It Spotless 	Nickelodeon 	[695]
0March 27 	Splitting Up Together 	ABC 	[686]
0March 28 	Alex, Inc.
0March 29 	Siren 	Freeform 	[696]
0Marcia Clark Investigates the First 48 	A&E 	[697]
0March 30 	Craig of the Creek 	Cartoon Network 	[698]
0The Dangerous Book for Boys 	Amazon Video 	[699]
0March 31 	The Last O.G. 	TBS 	[700]
0Star Falls 	Nickelodeon 	[701]
0April 1 	Your Husband Is Cheating on Us 	Bravo 	[702]
0April 2 	Get Up! 	ESPN 	[703]
0The Crossing 	ABC 	[686]
0April 6 	The Boss Baby: Back in Business 	Netflix 	[704]
0April 8 	Killing Eve 	BBC America 	[705]
0April 10 	Fixer Upper: Behind the Design 	HGTV 	[706]
0In Contempt 	BET 	[707]
0April 11 	Sell It Like Serhant 	Bravo 	[708]
0April 13 	Wyatt Cenac's Problem Areas 	HBO 	[709]
0April 14 	Littlest Pet Shop: A World of Our Own 	Discovery Family 	[710]
0April 15 	Southern Charm New Orleans 	Bravo 	[711]
0April 20 	Spy Kids: Mission Critical 	Netflix 	[712]
0Aggretsuko 	[713]
0April 27 	SKAM Austin 	Facebook Watch 	[714]
0May 2 	Cobra Kai 	YouTube Premium 	[715]
0May 3 	Help Us Get Married 	Facebook Watch 	[716]
0May 4 	A Little Help with Carol Burnett 	Netflix 	[717]
0May 5 	My Hero Academia 	Adult Swim 	[718]
0May 6 	Vida 	Starz 	[719]
0Sweetbitter 	[720]
0May 7 	Red Table Talk 	Facebook Watch 	[721]
0May 11 	The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle 	Amazon Video 	[722]
0All Night 	Hulu 	[723]
0Celebrity Undercover Boss 	CBS 	[724]
0The Who Was? Show 	Netflix 	[725]
0May 14 	The Big Fun Crafty Show 	Universal Kids 	[726]
0May 22 	The Great American Read 	PBS 	[727]
0May 23 	The Split 	Sundance TV 	[728]
0May 27 	The Fourth Estate 	Showtime 	[728]
0The Break with Michelle Wolf 	Netflix 	[729]
0May 28 	Cults and Extreme Belief 	A&E 	[730]
0May 30 	Reverie 	NBC 	[731]
0Dallas & Robo 	YouTube Premium 	[732]
0June 1 	C.B. Strike 	Cinemax 	[733]
0June 3 	Pose 	FX 	[734]
0Succession 	HBO 	[735]
0June 4 	High Noon 	ESPN 	[736]
0Dietland 	AMC 	[737]
0Five Points 	Facebook Watch 	[738]
0June 6 	Impulse 	YouTube Premium 	[739]
0Condor 	Audience 	[740]
0June 7 	American Woman 	Paramount Network 	[741]
0Cloak & Dagger 	Freeform 	[742]
0June 8 	The Hollow 	Netflix 	[743]
0Treehouse Detectives
0June 12 	The Last Defense 	ABC 	[744]
0Huda Boss 	Facebook Watch 	[745]
0June 13 	Gordon Ramsay's 24 Hours to Hell and Back 	Fox 	[746]
0June 14 	Strange Angel 	CBS All Access 	[747]
0June 18 	The Proposal 	ABC 	[748]
0Big City Greens 	Disney Channel 	[749]
0America Says 	GSN 	[750]
0June 19 	Love Is 	OWN 	[751]
0June 20 	Yellowstone 	Paramount Network 	[752]
0June 21 	Take Two 	ABC 	[748]
0My Aloha Dream Home 	HGTV 	[753]
0June 24 	Girl Meets Farm 	Food Network 	[754]
0June 25 	Wedding Cake Championship 	[755]
0June 27 	Liza on Demand 	YouTube Premium 	[756]
0June 29 	Harvey Street Kids 	Netflix 	[743]
0June 30 	Pop Team Epic 	Adult Swim 	[757]
0July 1 	Kandi Koated Nights 	Bravo 	[758]
0July 2 	Mostly 4 Millennials 	Adult Swim 	[759]
0July 7 	Summer Camp Island 	Cartoon Network 	[760]
0July 8 	Very Cavallari 	E! 	[761]
0July 9 	Deadly Rich 	CNBC 	[762]
0July 10 	The Outpost 	The CW 	[763]
0July 11 	Dr. Pimple Popper 	TLC 	[764]
0TKO: Total Knock Out 	CBS 	[765]
0Bobcat Goldthwait's Misfits & Monsters 	TruTV 	[766]
0July 13 	Fancy Nancy 	Disney Junior 	[767]
0The Epic Tales of Captain Underpants 	Netflix 	[768]
0Sugar Rush 	[769]
0Whistleblower 	CBS 	[770]
0July 15 	Who Is America? 	Showtime 	[771]
0July 16 	Caroline & Friends 	GSN 	[772]
0Exatlón Estados Unidos 	Telemundo 	[773]
0Fox News Update 	Facebook Watch 	[774]
0Anderson Cooper Full Circle
0July 17 	Mic Dispatch
0July 18 	Undivided ATTN:
0Best Shot 	YouTube Premium 	[775]
0July 19 	Quartz News 	Facebook Watch 	[776]
0July 20 	Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 	Nickelodeon 	[777]
0Prospects 	SNY 	[778]
0July 22 	Profile 	Facebook Watch 	[779]
0July 24 	Miz & Mrs. 	USA Network 	[780]
0July 25 	Castle Rock 	Hulu 	[781]
0July 27 	Sacred Lies 	Facebook Watch 	[782]
0Cupcake & Dino: General Services 	Netflix 	[783]
0July 28 	Pink Collar Crimes 	CBS 	[770]
0July 31 	Making It 	NBC 	[784]
0Hard to Kill 	Discovery Channel 	[785]
0August 1 	Turnt 	Facebook Watch 	[786]
0August 2 	Bachelorette Weekend 	CMT 	[787]
0August 3 	Random Acts of Flyness 	HBO 	[788]
0August 5 	Mega Man: Fully Charged 	Cartoon Network 	[789]
0August 6 	25 Words or Less 	Fox O&O 	[790]
0Lodge 49 	AMC 	[791]
0Inspiring Life with Lewis Howes 	Facebook Watch 	[792]
0August 7 	Castaways 	ABC 	[793]
0August 10 	All About The Washingtons 	Netflix 	[794]
0Insatiable 	[795]
0August 12 	Let’s Eat 	Food Network 	[796]
0August 13 	Ronny Chieng: International Student 	Comedy Central app 	[797]
0Marvel Rising: Initiation 	Disney XD 	[798]
0After After Party 	Facebook Watch 	[799]
0August 17 	Disenchantment 	Netflix 	[800]
0August 20 	Little Life on the Prairie 	TLC 	[801]
0August 23 	Rob Riggle's Ski Master Academy 	Sony Crackle 	[802]
0August 30 	One Dollar 	CBS All Access 	[803]
0Pretty Little Mamas 	MTV 	[804]
0August 31 	Jack Ryan 	Amazon Video 	[805]
0Paradise PD 	Netflix 	[806]
0September 1 	Total DramaRama 	Cartoon Network 	[807]
0Transformers: Cyberverse 	[808]
0September 4 	Mayans MC 	FX 	[809]
0The Purge 	USA Network 	[810]
0Model Squad 	E! 	[811]
0September 5 	Troy the Magician 	Facebook Watch 	[812]
0September 6 	Bite Club 	Food Network 	[813]
0September 8 	Bake It Like Buddy 	Discovery Family 	[814]
0September 9 	You 	Lifetime 	[815]
0Rel 	Fox 	[816]
0Kidding 	Showtime 	[817]
0Ashlee+Evan 	E! 	[818]
0September 10 	GMA Day 	ABC 	[819]
0Amanpour & Company 	PBS 	[820]
0Lock It In 	FS1 	[821]
0True Crime Files 	First-run syndication 	[822]
0September 14 	The First 	Hulu 	[823]
0The Dragon Prince 	Netflix 	[824]
0Norm Macdonald Has a Show 	[825]
0Forever 	Amazon Video 	[826]
0I Am More: OBJ 	Facebook Watch 	[827]
0September 15 	DC Daily 	DC Universe 	[828]
0September 16 	Human Kind Of 	Facebook Watch 	[829]
0September 18 	Sweet Home Sextuplets 	TLC 	[830]
0Sorry for Your Loss 	Facebook Watch 	[831]
0September 19 	I Feel Bad 	NBC 	[832]
0September 21 	The Good Cop 	Netflix 	[833]
0Hilda 	[834]
0Pete the Cat 	Amazon Video 	[835]
0September 22 	You Kiddin' Me 	Facebook Watch 	[836]
0September 24 	Bravo’s Play by Play 	Bravo 	[837]
0Manifest 	NBC 	[832]
0September 25 	New Amsterdam
0FBI 	CBS 	[838]
0September 26 	Single Parents 	ABC 	[839]
0A Million Little Things
0September 28 	The Cool Kids 	Fox 	[816]
0September 29 	Boruto: Naruto Next Generations 	Adult Swim 	[840]
0September 30 	God Friended Me 	CBS 	[838]
0October 1 	The Neighborhood
0Happy Together
0Brake Room 	Discovery Channel 	[841]
0Us & Them 	Sony Crackle 	[842]
0October 4 	Star Trek: Short Treks 	CBS All Access 	[843]
0Consider It 	Facebook Watch 	[844]
0October 5 	Into the Dark 	Hulu 	[845]
0Dancing Queen 	Netflix 	[846]
0October 7 	Dancing with the Stars: Juniors 	ABC 	[839]
0Star Wars Resistance 	Disney Channel/Disney XD 	[847]
0October 10 	All American 	The CW 	[848]
0October 12 	The Romanoffs 	Amazon Video 	[849]
0Light as a Feather 	Hulu 	[850]
0Coop and Cami Ask the World 	Disney Channel 	[851]
0The Haunting of Hill House 	Netflix 	[852]
0Titans 	DC Universe 	[853]
0October 13 	American Ninja Warrior Junior 	Universal Kids 	[854]
0October 14 	Camping 	HBO 	[855]
0October 16 	The Conners 	ABC 	[856]
0The Kids Are Alright 	[839]
0The Rookie
0October 17 	NBA After the Buzzer 	ESPN 	[857]
0October 18 	Liverspots and Astronots 	Facebook Watch 	[829]
0October 19 	Wanderlust 	Netflix 	[858]
0Get a Room with Carson & Thom 	Bravo 	[859]
0October 23 	Married at First Sight: Honeymoon Island 	Lifetime 	[860]
0October 25 	Legacies 	The CW 	[848]
0Heathers 	Paramount Network 	[861]
0October 26 	Chilling Adventures of Sabrina 	Netflix 	[862]
0October 28 	Patriot Act with Hasan Minhaj 	[863]
0The LadyGang 	E! 	[864]
0Busy Tonight 	E! 	[865]
0Crikey! It’s the Irwins 	Animal Planet 	[866]
0October 29 	Nightly Pop 	E! 	[867]
0October 30 	Married at First Sight: Happily Ever After 	Lifetime 	[860]
0October 31 	Tell Me a Story 	CBS All Access 	[868]
0November 2 	Homecoming 	Amazon Video 	[869]
0November 5 	Rainbow Rangers 	Nick Jr./Nickelodeon 	[870]
0November 12 	CNN Right Now with Brianna Keilar 	CNN 	[871]
0November 14 	Origin 	YouTube Premium 	[872]
0November 16 	The Kominsky Method 	Netflix 	[873]
0Narcos: Mexico 	[874]
0Kung Fu Panda: The Paws of Destiny 	Amazon Video 	[722]
0November 21 	Let's Go Luna! 	PBS Kids 	[875]
0Queen America 	Facebook Watch 	[876]
0November 25 	Dirty John 	Bravo 	[877]
0Fall 	Fast Layne 	Disney Channel 	[878]
0Nightflyers 	Syfy 	[879]
0TBA 	The Shivering Truth 	Adult Swim 	[880]
0Cousins for Life 	Nickelodeon 	[881]
0Close Enough 	TBS 	[882]
0Green Eggs and Ham 	Netflix 	[883]
0Love Alarm 	[884]
03 Below 	[885]
0Victor and Valentino 	Cartoon Network 	[886]
0DC Super Hero Girls 	[887]
0Work on Top 	Showtime 	[888]
0Project Blue Book 	History 	[889]
0Television films and specials
0
0These television films and specials are scheduled to premiere in 2018. The premiere dates may be changed depending on a variety of factors.
0First aired 	Title 	Channel 	Source
0February 16 	Zombies 	Disney Channel 	[890]
0February 19 	Blurt! 	Nickelodeon 	[891]
0March 4 	Billy Graham: An Extraordinary Journey 	Fox 	[892]
0March 26 	The Zen Diaries of Garry Shandling 	HBO 	[893]
0April 1 	Jesus Christ Superstar Live in Concert 	NBC 	[894]
0May 11 	Meghan Markle: An American Princess 	Fox 	[895]
0June 28 	Alone in the Game 	Audience 	[896]
0July 16 	Culture Shock: Freaks and Geeks: The Documentary 	A&E 	[897]
0July 29 	Comedy Central Roast of Bruce Willis 	Comedy Central 	[898]
0August 10 	Freaky Friday 	Disney Channel 	[899]
0August 19 	The Last Sharknado: It's About Time 	Syfy 	[900]
0September 9 	The Bad Seed 	Lifetime 	[901]
0September 16 	No One Would Tell 	[902]
0September 30 	Marvel Rising: Secret Warriors 	Disney Channel/
0Disney XD 	[798]
0October 14 	Harvey Birdman, Attorney General 	Adult Swim 	[903]
0October 20 	Hocus Pocus 25th Anniversary Halloween Bash 	Freeform 	[904]
0October 22 	WWE Road to Evolution 	USA Network 	[905]
0October 29 	A Very Wicked Halloween: Celebrating 15 Years on Broadway 	NBC 	[906]
0November 4 	Mickey's 90th Spectacular 	ABC 	[907]
0November 16 	The Ballad of Buster Scruggs 	Netflix 	[908]
0November 22 	The Christmas Contract 	Lifetime 	[909]
0'Tis the Season: A One Tree Hill Cast Reunion 	[910]
0Meghan's New Life: The Real Princess Diaries 	ABC 	[911]
0I'm Coming Home 	ABC 	[912]
0November 28 	A Legendary Christmas with John and Chrissy 	NBC 	[913]
0November 29 	The Wonderful World of Disney: Magical Holiday Celebration 	ABC 	[914]
0December 1 	Disney Parks Presents a 25 Days of Christmas Holiday Party 	Disney Channel 	[915]
0December 2 	Garth: Live at Notre Dame 	CBS 	[916]
0Life-Size 2 	Freeform 	[917]
0December 10 	No Sleep ‘Til Christmas 	Freeform 	[918]
0TBA 	Rocko's Modern Life: Static Cling 	Nickelodeon 	[919]
0Miniseries
0First aired 	Title 	Channel 	Source
0January 24 	Waco 	Paramount Network 	[920]
0January 30 	Citizen Rose 	E! 	[921]
0February 28 	The Looming Tower 	Hulu 	[922]
0April 8 	Howards End 	Starz 	[923]
0April 16 	It Was Him: The Many Murders of Ed Edwards 	Paramount Network 	[924]
0May 13 	This is Life Live 	TLC 	[925]
0July 8 	Sharp Objects 	HBO 	[926]
0The 2000s 	CNN 	[927]
0July 30 	Rest in Power: The Trayvon Martin Story 	Paramount Network 	[928]
0September 21 	Maniac 	Netflix 	[929]
0November 18 	Escape at Dannemora 	Showtime 	[930]
0My Brilliant Friend 	HBO 	[931]
0TBA 	The Truth About the Harry Quebert Affair 	Epix 	[932]
0Programs changing networks
0Show 	Moved from 	Moved to 	Source
0Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee 	Crackle 	Netflix 	[933]
0Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs 	Cartoon Network 	Boomerang 	[934]
0Mysticons 	Nickelodeon 	Nicktoons 	[935]
0Welcome to the Wayne 	[936]
0People's Choice Awards 	CBS 	E! 	[937]
0Billboard Music Awards 	ABC 	NBC 	[938]
0Last Man Standing 	Fox 	[939]
0Thomas & Friends 	PBS Kids 	ESPN+ 	[940]
0ESPN FC 	ESPN2 	Disney Channel 	[941]
0DuckTales 	Disney XD 	Disney Channel 	[942]
0Big Hero 6: The Series 	[943]
0S. E. Cupp Unfiltered 	CNN 	HLN 	[944]
0Winter Break: Hunter Mountain 	MTV 	MTV2 	[945]
0Thursday Night Football 	CBS/NBC 	Fox 	[47]
0Nobodies 	TV Land 	Paramount Network 	[946]
0Paramount Network 	TV Land
0Unreal 	Lifetime 	Hulu 	[947]
0The Jerry Springer Show 	First-run syndication
0(will continue with repeats) 	The CW daytime
0(repeats, option for new episodes) 	[334]
0Safeword 	MTV 	VH1 	[948]
0Carpool Karaoke: The Series 	Apple Music 	Apple TV app 	[949]
0Programs returning in 2018
0
0The following shows will return with new episodes after being canceled, ended their run previously, or underwent a hiatus that lasted at least one year:
0Show 	Last aired 	Type of Return 	Previous channel 	New/returning/same channel 	Return date 	Source
0The McLaughlin Group 	2016 	Revival 	Syndication/PBS 	same 	January 7 	[950]
0Beat the Clock 	2003 	Family version 	Pax TV
0(as an adult game show) 	Universal Kids 	February 6 	[951]
0Queer Eye 	2007 	Reboot 	Bravo 	Netflix 	February 7 	[952]
0Showtime at the Apollo 	2008 	Revival 	Syndication 	Fox 	March 1 	[953]
0Bridezillas 	2013 	WEtv 	same 	March 2 	[954]
0American Idol 	2016 	Fox 	ABC 	March 11 	[955]
0Timeless 	2017 	New season and wrap-up movie 	NBC 	same 	[956]
0Muppet Babies 	1991 	Reboot 	CBS 	Disney Channel/Disney Junior 	March 23 	[957]
0Roseanne 	1997 	Revival 	ABC 	same 	March 27 	[958]
0Jersey Shore
0(as Jersey Shore: Family Vacation) 	2012 	MTV 	April 5 	[959]
0Trading Spaces 	2008 	TLC 	April 7 	[960]
0Lost in Space 	1968 	Reboot 	CBS 	Netflix 	April 13 	[961]
0BattleBots 	2016 	Revival 	ABC 	Discovery Channel/Science 	May 11 	[962]
0Iron Chef America 	2014 	New season 	Food Network 	same 	May 20 	[963]
0American Chopper 	2010 	Revival 	TLC 	Discovery Channel 	May 28 	[964]
0Arrested Development 	2013 	New season 	Netflix 	same 	May 29 	[965]
0FLCL 	2001/2003 	Adult Swim 	June 2 	[966]
0The Staircase 	2013 	New episodes 	Sundance TV 	Netflix 	June 8 	[967]
0Double Dare 	2000 	Revival 	Nickelodeon 	same 	June 25 	[217]
0Hit the Floor 	2016 	New season 	VH1 	BET 	July 10 	[968]
0Bug Juice
0(as Bug Juice: My Adventures at Camp) 	2001 	Revival 	Disney Channel 	same 	July 16 	[969]
0In Search of... 	2002 	Sci-Fi Channel 	History Channel 	July 20 	[970]
0The Contender 	2009 	Versus 	Epix 	August 24 	[971]
0Billy on the Street 	2017 	TruTV 	YouTube 	September 13 	[972]
0Magnum, P.I. 	1988 	Reboot 	CBS 	same 	September 24 	[973]
0Murphy Brown 	1998 	Revival 	September 27 	[974]
0Last Man Standing 	2017 	ABC 	Fox 	September 28 	[975]
0Charmed 	2006 	Reboot 	The WB 	The CW 	October 14 	[848]
0She-Ra: Princess of Power
0(as She-Ra and the Princesses of Power) 	1986 	Syndication 	Netflix 	November 16 	[976]
0Deal or No Deal 	2010 	Revival 	CNBC 	December 5 	[977]
0E! True Hollywood Story 	2012 	E! 	same 	TBA 	[818]
0Milestone episodes
0Show 	Network 	Episode # 	Episode title 	Episode airdate 	Source
0Modern Family 	ABC 	200th 	"Dear Beloved Family" 	January 10 	[978]
0The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon 	NBC 	800th 	"Sam Rockwell/Tig Notaro" 	January 11 	[979]
0Family Guy 	Fox 	300th 	"Dog Bites Bear" 	January 14 	[980]
0The Amazing World of Gumball 	Cartoon Network 	200th 	"The Vegging" 	January 15 	[981]
0The Blacklist 	NBC 	100th 	"Abraham Stern" 	January 17 	[982]
0Total Divas 	E! 	100th 	"Breaking the News" 	January 31 	[983]
0Mom 	CBS 	"Pushed-Down Coffee, and a Working Turn Signal" 	February 1 	[984]
0General Hospital 	ABC 	14,000th 	"Episode 14,000" 	February 23 	[985]
0Chicago P.D. 	NBC 	100th 	"Profiles" 	March 7 	[986]
0Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. 	ABC 	"The Real Deal" 	March 9 	[987]
0The Fosters 	Freeform 	"Just Say Yes" 	March 13 	[988]
0Chrisley Knows Best 	USA Network 	"Celebrating A Chrisley Century" 	June 19 	[989]
0Power Rangers 	Nickelodeon 	25th anniversary 	"Dimensions in Danger" 	August 28 	[990]
0Big Brother 	CBS 	700th 	"Episode 34" 	September 12 	[991]
0Shameless 	Showtime 	100th 	"Do Right, Vote White!" 	September 30 	[992]
0Bob's Burgers 	Fox 	150th 	"Just One of the Boyz 4 Now for Now" 	[993]
0Criminal Minds 	CBS 	300th 	"300" 	October 3 	[994]
0Shark Tank 	ABC 	200th 	TBA 	October 7 	[995]
0WWE SmackDown 	USA Network 	1,000th 	WWE SmackDown 1000 	October 16 	[996]
0NCIS: New Orleans 	CBS 	100th 	"In the Blood" 	October 23 	[997]
0WWE 205 Live 	WWE Network 	100th 	"#100" 	October 24 	[998]
0Hawaii Five-0 	CBS 	200th 	Pua A'e La Ka Uwahi O Ka Moe 	November 9 	[999]
0Black-ish 	ABC 	100th 	"Good Grief" 	November 20 	[1,000]
0The Flash 	The CW 	100th 	TBA 	December 4 	[1,001]
0Programs ending in 2018
0End date 	Show 	Channel 	First aired 	Status 	Source
0January 4 	Ghost Wars 	Syfy 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,002]
0January 6 	Ten Days in the Valley 	ABC 	[1,003]
0January 9 	Major Crimes 	TNT 	2012 	Ended 	[1,004]
0January 12 	Disjointed 	Netflix 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,005]
0January 13 	Cashin' In 	Fox News 	2002 	Ended 	[1,006]
0Cavuto on Business
0Forbes on Fox
0January 14 	Wisdom of the Crowd 	CBS 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,007]
0January 18 	Damnation 	USA Network 	[1,008]
0January 20 	Pickle and Peanut 	Disney XD 	2015 	Ended 	[1,009]
0January 25 	Great News 	NBC 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,010]
0January 26 	The Adventures of Puss in Boots 	Netflix 	2015 	Ended 	[1,011]
0January 29 	Valor 	The CW 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,012]
0The Brave 	NBC 	[1,013]
0February 2 	K.C. Undercover 	Disney Channel 	2015 	Ended 	[1,014]
0February 5 	9JKL 	CBS 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,015]
0Better Late Than Never 	NBC 	2016 	[1,016]
0February 7 	The Librarians 	TNT 	2014 	[1,017]
0February 10 	Bunsen Is a Beast 	Nicktoons 	2017 	[1,018]
0February 16 	Everything Sucks! 	Netflix 	2018 	[1,019]
0Mozart in the Jungle 	Amazon Video 	2014 	[1,020]
0February 23 	Seven Seconds 	Netflix 	2018 	[1,021]
0March 5 	Star Wars Rebels 	Disney XD 	2014 	Ended 	[1,022]
0March 6 	Kevin (Probably) Saves the World 	ABC 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,023]
0March 9 	Love 	Netflix 	2016 	Ended 	[1,024]
0March 10 	Falling Water 	USA Network 	Canceled 	[1,025]
0March 12 	Tom vs Time 	Facebook Watch 	2018 	Ended 	[1,026]
0March 22 	Beyond 	Freeform 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,027]
0Portlandia 	IFC 	2011 	Ended 	[1,028]
0March 23 	Relative Success with Tabatha 	Bravo 	2018 	Canceled 	[1,029]
0March 28 	The Path 	Hulu 	2016 	[1,030]
0March 30 	The Dangerous Book for Boys 	Amazon Video 	2018 	[1,031]
0April 3 	Fixer Upper 	HGTV 	2013 	Ended 	[1,032]
0The Quad 	BET 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,033]
0The Mick 	Fox 	[1,034]
0April 8 	School of Rock 	Nickelodeon 	2016 	[1,035]
0April 11 	Hap and Leonard 	Sundance TV 	[1,036]
0April 15 	Here and Now 	HBO 	2018 	[1,037]
0April 16 	Scorpion 	CBS 	2014 	[1,038]
0April 19 	Scandal 	ABC 	2012 	Ended 	[1,039]
0The Rundown with Robin Thede 	BET 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,040]
0April 29 	Ash vs Evil Dead 	Starz 	2015 	[1,041]
0May 1 	LA to Vegas 	Fox 	2018 	[1,042]
0May 6 	The Last Man on Earth 	2015 	[1,043]
0May 7 	Kevin Can Wait 	CBS 	2016 	[1,044]
0May 13 	The Arrangement 	E! 	2017 	[1,045]
0The Royals 	2015 	[1,046]
0May 14 	Superior Donuts 	CBS 	2017 	[1,047]
0May 15 	Rise 	NBC 	2018 	[1,048]
0New Girl 	Fox 	2011 	Ended 	[1,049]
0May 16 	Alex, Inc. 	ABC 	2018 	Canceled 	[1,050]
0May 18 	Once Upon a Time 	2011 	Ended 	[1,051]
0May 22 	The Middle 	ABC 	2009 	[1,052]
0Roseanne 	1988 	Canceled 	[292]
0May 23 	Harry 	First-run syndication 	2016 	[1,053]
0May 25 	The Thundermans 	Nickelodeon 	2013 	Ended 	[1,054]
0Trollhunters 	Netflix 	2016 	[1,055]
0The Robert Irvine Show 	The CW 	Canceled 	[1,056]
0Champions 	NBC 	2018 	[1,057]
0May 27 	Deception 	ABC 	[1,058]
0May 29 	The Chris Gethard Show 	truTV 	2011 	[1,059]
0May 30 	The Americans 	FX 	2013 	Ended 	[1,060]
0Famous in Love 	Freeform 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,061]
0May 31 	Nobodies 	TV Land 	[946]
0June 6 	The Fosters 	Freeform 	2013 	Ended 	[1,062]
0June 7 	Imposters 	Bravo 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,063]
0June 8 	Sense8 	Netflix 	2015 	Ended 	[1,064]
0Crime Watch Daily 	First-run syndication 	Canceled 	[1,065]
0June 9 	The Crossing 	ABC 	2018 	[1,066]
0June 15 	Life Sentence 	The CW 	[1,067]
0June 22 	Luke Cage 	Netflix 	2016 	[1,068]
0June 24 	Clarence 	Cartoon Network 	2014 	Ended 	[1,069]
0June 28 	Desus & Mero 	Viceland 	2016 	[1,070]
0The Chew 	ABC 	2011 	Canceled 	[285]
0The Opposition with Jordan Klepper 	Comedy Central 	2017 	[1,071]
0June 30 	Taken 	NBC 	[1,072]
0Hugh Hewitt 	MSNBC 	Ended 	[1,073]
0July 4 	News with Ed Schultz 	RT America 	2016 	[1,074]
0July 6 	12 Monkeys 	Syfy 	2015 	[1,075]
0July 8 	I'm Dying Up Here 	Showtime 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,076]
0July 15 	The Joel McHale Show with Joel McHale 	Netflix 	2018 	[1,077]
0July 16 	Unreal 	Hulu 	2015 	[947]
0July 18 	Code Black 	CBS 	[1,078]
0July 19 	Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce 	Bravo 	2014 	Ended 	[1,079]
0July 21 	Me, Myself & I 	CBS 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,080]
0Living Biblically 	2018 	[1,081]
0July 22 	Ghosted 	Fox 	2017 	[1,082]
0July 23 	Stuck in the Middle 	Disney Channel 	2016 	Ended 	[1,083]
0July 25 	Young & Hungry 	Freeform 	2014 	[1,084]
0Colony 	USA Network 	2016 	Canceled 	[1,085]
0July 26 	Nashville 	CMT 	2012 	Ended 	[1,086]
0The Jerry Springer Show 	First-run syndication 	1991 	Canceled 	[334]
0July 29 	The Break with Michelle Wolf 	Netflix 	2018 	[1,077]
0July 30 	Dietland 	AMC 	[1,087]
0July 31 	Casual 	Hulu 	2015 	Ended 	[1,088]
0August 1 	The Originals 	The CW 	2013 	[1,089]
0Six 	History 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,090]
0August 3 	Quantico 	ABC 	2015 	[1,091]
0August 4 	Nicky, Ricky, Dicky & Dawn 	Nickelodeon 	2014 	[1,035]
0August 7 	Face Off 	Syfy 	2011 	[1,092]
0August 8 	Reverie 	NBC 	2018 	[1,093]
0August 10 	All About the Washingtons 	Netflix 	[1,094]
0August 19 	Shades of Blue 	NBC 	2016 	Ended 	[1,095]
0August 23 	American Woman 	Paramount Network 	2018 	Canceled 	[1,096]
0August 24 	SportsNation 	ESPN 	2009 	[1,097]
0August 29 	Alone Together 	Freeform 	2018 	[1,098]
0September 3 	Adventure Time 	Cartoon Network 	2010 	Ended 	[1,099]
0September 7 	Iron Fist 	Netflix 	2017 	Canceled 	[1,100]
0September 8 	Sofia the First 	Disney Junior 	2012 	Ended 	[1,101]
0September 10 	Mission Force One 	2015 	Canceled
0September 13 	Shooter 	USA Network 	2016 	[1,102]
0September 14 	American Vandal 	Netflix 	2017 	[1,103]
0NewsFix 	KDAF-TV
0KIAH
0WSFL-TV 	2011
02015
02016 	[1,104]
0September 15 	Mysticons 	Nicktoons 	2017 	Ended 	[1,105]
0September 21 	The Good Cop 	Netflix 	Canceled 	[1,106]
0September 28 	Outcast 	Cinemax 	2016 	[1,107]
0October 1 	Us & Them 	Sony Crackle 	2018 	Canceled 	[842]
0October 5 	Animals 	HBO 	2016 	[1,108]
0October 19 	Daredevil 	Netflix 	2015 	[1,109]
0October 24 	Megyn Kelly Today 	NBC 	2017 	[1,110]
0October 26 	Across America with Carol Costello 	HLN 	[1,111]
0Crime & Justice with Ashleigh Banfield
0Michaela 	2016
0October 27 	HBO World Championship Boxing 	HBO 	1973 	Ended 	[1,112]
0Boxing After Dark 	1996
0November 2 	House of Cards 	Netflix 	2013 	[1,113]
0November 9 	Wolf 	CNN 	2014 	[871]
0November 11 	The Last Ship 	TNT 	2014 	[1,114]
0Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown 	CNN 	2013 	[1,115]
0December 14 	Voltron: Legendary Defender 	Netflix 	2016 	Ending 	[1,116]
0December 20 	Timeless 	NBC 	2016 	[1,117]
0TBA 	Being Mary Jane 	BET 	2013 	[1,118]
0Networks and services
0Network launches
0Network 	Type 	Launch date 	Notes 	Source
0Quest 	Over-the-air multicast 	January 29 	A partnership of Tegna, Inc. and Cooper Media, Quest offers factual programming concerning science, nature, engineering, and history, mainly from programming formerly seen on Discovery Channel and History. The network initially launched primarily on subchannels of stations owned and/or operated by Tegna, Univision Communications and Entravision Communications. 	[1,119]
0ESPN+ 	Over-the-top streaming service 	April 12 	A subscription add-on service which includes sports-based original talk shows and documentaries, combat sports, college sports (including exclusive coverage of Ivy League events), cricket, rugby union, soccer (including out-of-market Major League Soccer matches), and tennis, with NHL and MLB games offered as add-ons. 	[1,120]
0Start TV 	Over-the-air multicast 	September 3 	Owned by Weigel Broadcasting and announced on July 18, Start TV will offer a mix of female-led police and legal procedural dramas (with an initial schedule that includes The Closer, The Good Wife, Medium, Crossing Jordan, Cold Case and Profiler). The network will initially launch primarily on subchannels of stations owned by CBS Television Stations serving as the launch group, displacing Weigel/CBS's three-year-old sister network Decades. Bahakel Communications and Weigel (the latter of which will assume the affiliation rights to Decades displaced by the Start TV launch on stations it owns in certain CBS/CW O&O markets, including Los Angeles and Chicago) will also contribute stations to serve as charter affiliates. 	[1,121]
0DC Universe 	Over-the-top streaming service 	September 15 	Announced in April 2017, DC Universe features a broad array of original programming as well as older DC live-action and animated films and animated series, a rotating selection of comics, forum discussion space, a merchandise store, and DC encyclopedia. 	[1,122]
0CBN News Channel 	Over-the-air multicast/OTT streaming 	October 1 	Owned by the Christian Broadcasting Network, the 24-hour news channel – which marks the return of CBN to broadcast television ownership since it sold its last independent station, KXTX-TV/Dallas–Fort Worth, in 2000, and its first network venture since it sold the cable-originated CBN Family Channel (now Freeform) to International Family Entertainment in 1990 – debuted as a subchannel service available on full-power and low-power television stations in 15 U.S. cities (on stations owned by Nexstar Media Group and HC2 Holdings) as well as through a live stream on a dedicated website and the CBN News app. CBN News Channel's programming will consist of original produced news, lifestyle and entertainment content and commentary. 	[1,123]
0Spectrum News 1 networks 	Regional cable 	October 28 (Kentucky)
0November 7 (Ohio)
0November 16 (Southern California) November 28 (Wisconsin) 	In an August 18 article in the Los Angeles Times, Charter Communications disclosed it is launching a 24-hour regional news channel serving the Los Angeles area in November. The El Segundo-based channel's format will rely less on crime and police pursuits commonly found on broadcast stations in the Los Angeles area, and include a focus on long-form stories (including documentaries or investigative reports) and community issues and events typically not focused upon on other local television news outlets in the market, along with national and business news stories contributed by the flagship of Spectrum News, NY1, and a Washington bureau. Charter has hired about 125 employees for the planned channel. Additional new regional news networks for Spectrum's clusters in Wisconsin, Ohio, and an upgrade of Spectrum News Kentucky (the former cn|2; that network relaunched October 28) have also launched under the same model. 	[1,124]
0Network conversions and rebrandings
0Old network
0name 	New network
0name 	Type 	Conversion date 	Notes 	Source
0Spike 	Paramount Network 	Cable and satellite 	January 18 	Spike relaunched as the Paramount Network on January 18, with the new identity being formally introduced with a special live episode of Lip Sync Battle that evening. Announced by Viacom in February 2017 as part of a corporate restructuring plan initiated by Viacom CEO Bob Bakish to refocus most of its media assets around six flagship brands (with MTV, Comedy Central, Nickelodeon, Nick Jr. and BET as the other associated brands), the change realigns the general entertainment cable channel to be more closely associated with sister film studio Paramount Pictures. Paramount Network will maintain some of the former Spike's existing programming including original series (such as Lip Sync Battle, Ink Master and Bar Rescue) and feature films, along with newer original programs (including the family drama Yellowstone; a television version of the dark comedy Heathers was shelved for several months after low critical acclaim for pre-screened episodes, the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting, and the company's concern for its dark mature content, before being re-edited and trimmed for a week-long unspooling in late October). 	[1,125]
0NewsChannel 8 	WJLA 24/7 News 	Regional cable (D.C.-Maryland-Virginia) 	July 24 	Occurring on the fourth anniversary of the FCC's approval of its purchase of founding parent Allbritton Communications, Sinclair Broadcast Group rebrands its Washington, D.C.-based regional cable news channel to highlight its shared resources with ABC affiliate WJLA-TV (which founded the channel under Allbritton ownership in October 1991). As part of the rebrand, the channel moves towards a Bloomberg Television/CP24-esque presentation of a smaller video picture augmented by continuous graphical weather, news and traffic information below it and to the right. 	[1,126]
0Velocity 	Motor Trend 	Cable and satellite 	November 23 	Discovery, Inc. re-brands their automotive interest network Velocity (which launched in 2002 as Discovery HD Theater, an early high definition demonstration network and re-branded as Velocity in 2011 as most cable networks had associated HD simulcasts) as Motor Trend, using the title and goodwill of Motor Trend magazine, with little change in on-air programming outside of more Motor Trend-branded programming. Discovery and Motor Trend owner Source Interlink launched a joint venture called Motor Trend Group in 2017, allowing the rebranding. 	[1,127]
0Network closures
0Network 	Type 	End date 	Notes 	Source
0Spectrum Deportes 	Regional cable (Southern California) and DirecTV (National) 	August 15 	Charter Communications closes the Spanish-language version of Spectrum SportsNet in the Los Angeles market after almost six years of service, due to low ratings and revenue. Spanish-language play-by-play audio will remain available on the main Spectrum SportsNet channel via the second audio program option. 	[1,128]
0DramaFever 	OTT streaming/digital content 	October 16 	Founded in 2009, the multi platform service, which provided a lineup of over 13,000 episodes from 60 content partners across 12 countries consisting of K-dramas, Asian TV shows and movies, and Latin American telenovelas, immediately shut down operations (and about 20% of the unit’s 110 employees pink-slipped), which comes just two year after it was acquired by Warner Bros. from Japan’s SoftBank Group and has operated as a unit of Warner Bros. Digital Networks, which has touted the streaming infrastructure and expertise it obtained through the acquisition. The shutdown also comes in the wake of AT&T’s acquisition of Time Warner and the formation of WarnerMedia. CEO John Stankey said the company would launch a broad subscription-streaming entertainment service anchored by HBO that would pull in content from other parts of Time Warner. Another factor was licensing costs for U.S. distribution commanded by top K-dramas have rapidly increased in recent years, as well as competitive bids by Netflix and Amazon made it unsustainable, as licensing shows that used to cost $800,000 now goes for around $1 million. On its website, statement reads “Thank you for nine great years. As of (October 16, 2018) DramaFever has been shut down… While this decision is difficult, there are a variety of business reasons that have led to this conclusion... “We’ll be issuing refunds as applicable, and subscribers will receive an email from us with details in the coming days.” 	[1,129]
0Nick 2 	Digital cable-exclusive 	November 22 	One of the rare examples of an American cable timeshift channel, Viacom Media Networks closed the Nick 2 service on this date, which provided the appropriate opposing time zone feed (either three hours ahead for Pacific/Mountain or three hours behind for Eastern/Pacific viewers) of Nickelodeon to digital cable viewers, likely as video on demand options have made timeshift channels for the most part superfluous. VMN continues to allow DirecTV and Dish to distribute both timezone feeds to all eligible subscribers under a different agreement. 	[1,130]
0Television stations
0Stations changing network affiliation
0Major affiliation changes
0
0  This section outlines affiliation changes involving English and Spanish language networks (ABC, NBC, CBS, Fox, PBS, The CW, Univision, etc.), and format conversions involving independent stations. Digital subchannels will only be mentioned if the prior or new affiliation involves a major English and Spanish broadcast network or a locally programmed independent entertainment format.
0
0Date 	Market 	Station 	Channel 	Prior
0affiliation 	New
0affiliation 	Notes 	Source
0January 1 	Elko, Nevada
0(Salt Lake City) 	KENV-DT 	10.1 	NBC 	Comet 	In December 2017, Sinclair Broadcast Group received notice from NBC that KENV (which had been operating as a Semi-satellite of KRNV-DT/Reno) will lose its affiliation with the network once its contract expires on December 31, in order to give network exclusivity in eastern Nevada to KSL-TV/Salt Lake City (of which Elko is based within that city's designated market area). As a result, KENV will shut down its news department, as the loss of the NBC affiliation will make it cost-prohibitive to continue producing locally based programming. KENV will subsequently affiliate with the Sinclair-owned/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer-operated science fiction network Comet. The local translator district around Elko has attempted to communicate with NBC their preference for KRNV to be used as the local source for NBC programming in the area, but the network has stood firm that KSL-TV should be the exclusive affiliate in the area and will require the district to utilize KSL-TV as their signal source. 	[1,131]
0Avalon, California
0(Los Angeles) 	KAZA-TV 	54.1 	Azteca América 	MeTV 	In December 2017, Costa de Oro Media announced that KJLA would become the Azteca América affiliate for the Los Angeles market on January 3, 2018. The move as well as a station sale that occurred concurrently resulted in KAZA-TV – which an 80/20 venture between Pappas Telecasting and TV Azteca sold for $9 million in September 2017 to Weigel Broadcasting – replacing Anaheim-based KDOC-DT3 (channel 56.3) as the station for MeTV in the market as an O&O, upon consummation of the Weigel sale (KDOC-DT3 will continue to serve as the MeTV affiliate for southern portions of the market).
0
0KVMD switched from a non-commercial Spanish religious to a commercial Spanish schedule, replacing KJLA – which had been the network's only owned-and-operated station since it became a national network in April 2007 – as the market's LATV affiliate. Although it did not officially switch to Azteca until January 3, KJLA began carrying the majority of the network's programming on January 1 (except for those which aired during time periods KJLA had ceded to air religious programming).
0[1,132]
0January 3 	Los Angeles 	KVMD 	31.1 	Almavision 	LATV
0Ventura, California
0(Los Angeles) 	KJLA 	57.1 	LATV 	Azteca América
0January 18 	Nashua, New Hampshire
0(Boston) 	WYCN-CD 	15.1 & 15.2 	Heroes & Icons 	NBC (DT1)
0Cozi TV (DT2) 	OTA Broadcasting sold the spectrum allocated to WYCN-CD in the auction for $80.4 million and entered into a channel sharing agreement with Boston PBS member station WGBX-TV, contingent on a sale of the station to the NBC Owned Television Stations division of NBCUniversal.
0
0Despite WYCN's low-power status and city of license, its placement on the full-power signal of WGBX allowed NBC's "NBC Boston" (which originates through low-power WBTS-LD) to maintain full over-the-air coverage throughout the Boston market from the area's central television transmitter site in Needham (NBC's full-power lease with WMFP/Lawrence was effectively terminated on April 1 with the move of that station to a channel share with WWDP and a new city of license of Foxborough). WYCN-CD also moved from virtual channel 13 to channel 15 to avert any confusion with WGME/Portland, Maine, which has some signal coverage in the extreme northeastern portion of the Boston market.
0[1,133]
0January 24 	Ottumwa, Iowa/
0Kirksville, Missouri 	KYOU-TV 	15.2 	Grit 	NBC 	On January 8, 2018, American Spirit Media/Raycom Media announced that KYOU-TV (which Raycom operates under a shared services agreement with American Spirit) would affiliate its DT2 subchannel with NBC in late January to augment the existing primary Fox affiliation on the station's main channel. The subchannel networks Grit and Escape also moved down one subchannel (with Escape, originally planned to be removed, retained after viewer demand and a multiplexer upgrade - see above section). It would be a short-lived reprieve for Escape, as KYOU would take the CW affiliation for the subchannel on September 1.
0
0KYOU's addition of NBC programming results in the major four broadcast networks spread across the Ottumwa–Kirksville market's two full-power commercial television stations (Sinclair-owned KTVO operates as a primary feed ABC and subchannel-only CBS affiliate), and leaves Mankato, Presque Isle, Alpena, and Harrisonburg as the only remaining U.S. media markets without a local NBC affiliate.
0[1,134]
015.3 	Escape 	Grit
0February 12 	Salem, Indiana
0(Louisville, Kentucky) 	WBKI-TV
0(re-called from WMYO) 	58.1 	MyNetworkTV 	The CW 	Block Communications, which purchased the programming rights for the CW schedule carried by the former Campbellsville, Kentucky-licensed iteration of WBKI until that station's owners took it silent as a result of the spectrum auction on October 25 and placed it as a subchannel on the WMYO spectrum, decides to move the CW schedule from a subchannel which had issues being carried by DirecTV, Dish and AT&T U-verse, to the main channel of the WMYO spectrum, while also re-calling the station with the WBKI calls.
0
0WMYO's former main schedule with the declining MyNetworkTV programming service moves to the third subchannel, and in reverse loses DirecTV/Dish/U-verse carriage in order to assure full-market coverage for CW programming (the second subchannel is contractually obligated to Cozi TV). Block also ends use of the former channel 34 allocation associated with the defunct Campbellsville version of WBKI with the CW and Movies! subchannels.
0[1,135]
058.3 	The CW 	MyNetworkTV
0March 1 	Key West
0(Miami) 	WGEN-TV 	8.1 	Transitional Spanish independent from Azteca América 	Estrella TV 	WGEN was purchased by Liberman Broadcasting on January 8, 2018, and the sale was completed on March 16, 2018, giving Estrella TV a full-power station of their own in a critical Spanish-language television market after years on low-power WVFW-LD, which was augmented with a subchannel lease on WSVN-DT2 that ended in July 2017 due to that station's affiliation with Light TV for full-market coverage. The deal also gives WGEN some stability after several years with the moribund MundoFox/MundoMax network, and a one-year affiliation with Azteca América. 	[1,136]
0April 2 	Lewiston, Maine
0(Portland) 	WIPL
0(re-called from WPME) 	35.1 	MyNetworkTV 	Ion Television 	WPME was sold by Ironwood Communications to Ion Media Networks on December 4, 2017, with the sale closing on April 2, 2018. The sale returns Ion to the Portland market after their original sale of WMPX-TV to Corporate Media Consultants Group in December 2002, which then took the current calls WPFO and a Fox affiliation (that station was sold to Sinclair-related company Cunningham Broadcasting in a duopoly with CBS affiliate WGME-TV in 2013; the coincidentally-called WPXT never maintained any relationship with Ion Television or predecessor network Pax TV).
0
0WPME's MyNetworkTV affiliation thus moves to the third subchannel of former Ironwood sister station WPXT, with WPME taking the full six-network suite of Ion Television networks. A required call change as part of the deal (WPXT-DT3 will remain branded as "WPME") will see the channel 35 spectrum take the new WIPL calls, standing for "Ion in PortLand".
0[1,137]
0WPXT-DT3 	51.3 	Escape 	MyNetworkTV
0July 2 	Provo, Utah
0(Salt Lake City) 	KBYU-TV 	11.1 	PBS 	BYUtv
0(migrating from KBYU-DT2) 	After 53 years as an affiliated public television station (first with NET, and then PBS), KBYU-TV switched to the national BYUtv network (which has aired free-to-air over its second subchannel in the market previously) on July 2, while parent owner Brigham Young University shuts down its Spanish language BYUtv International carried on cable and satellite in Latin American countries. The move leaves KUED-TV (as well as satellites KUES/Richfield and KUEW/St. George and related translators) as the exclusive PBS member station for the Salt Lake City market. 	[1,138]
0July 16 	Lorain, Ohio
0(Cleveland) 	WUAB 	43.1 	MyNetworkTV
0(retained as secondary affiliation) 	The CW
0(primary) 	On July 11, Raycom Media and CBS Corporation announced that they had signed a long-term deal in which WUAB would affiliate with The CW, replacing WBNX (which had been affiliated with the network since The CW launched in September 2006) as its Cleveland affiliate, with only five days of advanced notice to the public. To accommodate the CW prime time lineup and other programming changes related to the switch, WUAB discontinued hour-long 7:00 a.m. and 9:00 p.m. newscasts produced by CBS-affiliated sister WOIO/Shaker Heights, and concurrently, expand its remaining WOIO-produced 10:00 p.m. newscast to a one-hour, seven-night-a-week broadcast (for which the program had originally ran prior to the September 2015 realignment of its evening news schedule). MyNetworkTV programming will continue to air on its main channel each weeknight from 1:00 to 3:00 a.m.
0
0WBNX became an independent station, replacing CW weekday daytime and prime time shows with first-run and off-network syndicated programs already in its programming inventory, and syndicated E/I, drama and sports programs on Saturday mornings.
0[1,139]
0Akron, Ohio
0(Cleveland) 	WBNX-TV 	55.1 	The CW 	Independent
0July 22 	Montpelier/Burlington, Vermont/
0Plattsburgh, New York 	WNNE 	31.1 	NBC
0(as semi-satellite of WPTZ) 	The CW 	As a byproduct of WNNE's spectrum being integrated into Plattsburgh-licensed, NBC-affiliated sister WPTZ under a channel sharing agreement, on July 20, Hearst Television announced that WNNE – which had operated as a WPTZ semi-satellite since Heritage Media (which owned WPTZ from 1987 to 1997) acquired WNNE from the Taft Broadcasting Corporation in 1990 – would become a CW affiliate two days later on July 22, assuming the affiliation previously held by WPTZ-DT2, which was ceded to the WNNE signal under the CSA. Despite the conversion into a CW affiliate, WNNE will retain a separate facility in White River Junction, which serves as a news bureau for WPTZ. (For details on the CSA and resulting spectrum integration with WNNE, see WNNE's entry under the "Station spectrum transitions" section.) 	[1,140]
0September 1 	Danville/Roanoke/
0Lynchburg, Virginia 	WZBJ
0(re-called from WFFP-TV) 	24.1 	Cozi TV 	MyNetworkTV 	On August 13, Gray Television announced that it would purchase WFFP-TV and, on September 1, change the call letters to WZBJ. As part of the station's reformatting, WDBJ will begin producing an hour-long extension of WDBJ's morning newscast, Mornin', for, and will transfer the half-hour weeknight primetime newscast it has produced for its MyNetworkTV-affiliated DT2 subchannel (which moved to WLHG-CD in June 2018) since it launched in September 2006 to WZBJ. The move resulted from Gray's April 30 purchase of WLHG-CD from Liberty University for $50,000, which included an option to acquire and shared services agreement to manage WFFP-TV. 	[1,141]
0Ottumwa, Iowa/
0Kirksville, Missouri 	KYOU-TV 	15.4 	Escape 	The CW+ 	KYOU adds The CW Plus schedule as a replacement for Escape, replacing the Mediacom run cable-only "KWOT" and continuing a pattern throughout 2018, with the CW withdrawing its few remaining cable-only affiliates in smaller markets for over-the-air subchannels. 	[1,142]
0October 1 	Lincoln, Nebraska 	KCWH-LD
0(re-called from K18CD-D) 	18.1 	NBC (as repeater of KSNB-TV/Superior) 	The CW+ (DT1)
0Ion Television (DT2) 	On October 1, Gray Television – owner of CBS affiliate KOLN and its Grand Island satellite KGIN – announced that KCWH-LD would begin serving as the Lincoln market's CW affiliate effective on that date. The station, which had previously operated as a translator of Superior-based NBC affiliate KSNB-TV, will be simulcast on subchannels of SonLife affiliate KNHL in Hastings (which will resume its prior NBC affiliation on its main channel upon consummation of Gray's purchase of that station from Legacy Broadcasting) and Fox affiliate KIIT-CD in North Platte. The move marks the first time that CW programming was available over-the-air in Lincoln since charter affiliate KCWL-TV converted into a Fox affiliate (as KFXL-TV) in 2009. (Prior to KCWH's sign-on, cable providers in the Lincoln market carried either Omaha affiliate KXVO or the national CW Plus feed as a default carrier of CW programming..) KCWH-LD also added Ion Television on its second digital subchannel, simulcasting KSNB-DT3 (which, along with KNOP-DT3 in North Platte, also began carrying Ion programming on that date). 	[1,143]
0Fall/Winter (TBD) 	Los Angeles, California 	KCET 	28.1 	Educational independent 	PBS 	On April 25, KCETLink Media Group and the KOCE-TV Foundation announced a planned consolidation of the operations of their respective educational stations in Southern California, KCET and Huntington Beach-based PBS station KOCE-TV, by the end of the first half of 2018. KCET – which dismembered from the service in 2011, due to increasing membership costs – will rejoin PBS as a secondary outlet; however, KOCE will remain the primary PBS member station for the Los Angeles market.
0
0Once the merger is completed, both stations will continue to provide their respective existing programming and multicast services; KOCE will also move its operation from the station's existing facility in Costa Mesa (which would be retained as a secondary facility) to KCET's studios in Burbank.
0[1,144]
0Station spectrum transitions
0Former
0station 	Channel sharing
0partner/
0new station 	Channel 	Channel number retained
0(or new channel) 	Affiliation 	Market 	Date 	Notes 	Source
0WCGV-TV 	WVTV 	24.# 	Green check.svg 	MyNetworkTV 	Milwaukee, Wisconsin 	January 8 	WCGV-TV was sold in the 2017 spectrum auction for $84.3 million, with owner Sinclair Broadcast Group originally indicating that it would enter a channel sharing agreement with sister CW affiliate WVTV. However, with Sinclair's attempted acquisition of Tribune Media, which would include Milwaukee Fox affiliate WITI, Sinclair revealed in its FCC filing regarding the merger that it now intended to completely sign off WCGV-TV without any channel sharing agreement, allowing Sinclair to acquire WITI and retain WVTV.[1,145] WCGV's program schedule, MyNetworkTV affiliation (and "My 24" branding) and subchannels were moved to the channel space of WVTV on January 8 (a week-long transition simulcast replaced GetTV over WVTV-DT2 on January 2[1,146]), with its DT3 Grit affiliation moving to WTMJ-DT4. The license cancellation proved to be superfluous after Tribune decided to pull away from the Sinclair merger on August 9, 2018, as described above. 	[1,145]
0WVCY-TV 	WITI 	30.# 	Religious Independent 	VCY America sold the religious station's spectrum in the auction for $76.3 million; WVCY has traditionally been run in a lean manner with only one standard definition channel, thus it was able to enter a channel sharing agreement with Fox affiliate WITI. The station retains all existing cable and satellite carriage as part of the channel share. 	[1,147]
0WMVT 	WMVS 	36.# 	PBS 	Milwaukee PBS relocated WMVT’s programming and its subchannels to the VHF bandwidth of sister station WMVS at 9:00 a.m. that morning. At that time, both WMVS and WMVT re-mapped their channels on physical channel 8, with WMVT retaining its main signal on 36.1 in HD and a re-map among the two stations placing World on 36.2 and MPTV's weather service on 36.3 (the former traffic camera service on 36.6 was eventually merged into the weather feed). WMVS continues to map its main service on 10.1 in HD, with Create on 10.2 and PBS Kids remaining on 10.3. 	[1,148]
0WMLW-TV 	WBME-CD 	49.# 	Independent 	Weigel Broadcasting-owned WMLW moved to WBME-CD's bandwidth at 5:00 a.m. that morning, reversing a channel swap done in August 2012 in order to allow WMLW to broadcast its main channel in high definition market-wide. WMLW and Bounce TV remained on their existing 49.1 and 49.2 positions. A simulcast of Telemundo affiliate WYTU-LD for the entire market that was formerly carried on WMLW-DT4 was moved to WDJT-TV's fourth subchannel, Decades relocated from WDJT-DT4 to WBME-CD2, and This TV was moved to WYTU-LD2 to finish out the final nine months of its carriage agreement. WBME-CD will continue to carry MeTV on both 41.1 and existing market-wide simulcast on WDJT-DT2. 	[1,149]
0WUAB 	WOIO 	43.# 	MyNetworkTV 	Lorain/Cleveland, Ohio 	Raycom Media sold the UHF channel 28 spectrum for WUAB for $32.3 million, and merged WUAB's main channel and Bounce TV subchannel onto the spectrum of sister CBS affiliation WOIO/Shaker Heights, while its Grit channel moved to WEWS-DT2 exclusively. 	[1,150]
0WLVI 	WHDH 	56.# 	The CW 	Cambridge/Boston, Massachusetts 	January 9 	Sunbeam Television turned in the UHF channel 41 spectrum of WLVI to the FCC for a market high of $162.1 million; on January 9, WLVI's main channel and Buzzr subchannel were merged onto the channel space of WHDH, after a week-long transition where WHDH and WLVI broadcast similar channel maps to acclimate viewers and test the spectrum share. 	[1,151]
0WPMT 	WITF-TV 	43.# 	Fox 	York/Harrisburg/
0Lancaster/Lebanon, Pennsylvania 	Tribune Broadcasting sold the UHF channel 47 digital spectrum of WPMT for $50.1 million. On January 9, WPMT merged its spectrum with Harrisburg PBS member station WITF, which resulted in portions of the Fox affiliate's signal contour being downgraded to rimshot or non-existent coverage in the southern portion of the market compared to the contour of its former transmitter location in Hellam Township. WPMT's Antenna TV subchannel was retained, though (despite Tribune being half-owner of the network) it dropped This TV to allow WITF to retain their PBS Kids subchannel. WITF netted $25 million from Tribune as part of the sharing agreement. 	[1,151]
0WZDC-CD 	WRC-TV 	25.1 	Dark Red x.svg
044.1 	Telemundo 	Washington, D.C. 	March 7 	ZGS Communications sold the spectrum of WZDC-CD in the spectrum incentive auction for $66.182 million. The group indicated in FCC filings that it will enter into a channel sharing agreement to continue the station's operations once the spectrum was relinquished. On September 6, 2017, NBCUniversal Owned Television Stations announced that it will launch a Telemundo owned-and-operated station that will operate over the digital signal of NBC O&O WRC-TV (channel 4) in December, per acquisition of the Spanish language network's affiliation agreement with ZGS; a Telemundo spokesperson stated that the sale of WZDC's spectrum "gave us the ability to take back the Telemundo affiliation for this market." On December 4, NBCUOTS purchased ZGS outright, effectively confirming that WZDC-CD will remain on the air, using WRC's bandwidth as a separately licensed station as a Telemundo O&O. On March 7, 2018, WZDC-CD took the new virtual channel 44 to reduce confusion with WDVM-TV/Hagerstown, Maryland. 	[1,152]
0WIVB-TV 	WNLO 	4.1 	Green check.svg 	CBS 	Buffalo, New York 	April 16 	WIVB's spectrum was sold in the incentive auction in 2017, prior to Nexstar Media Group's acquisition of the license. It entered into a channel sharing agreement with WNLO, which has been co-owned with WIVB since 2000, and the two licenses will share WNLO's RF channel 32, giving the station a city-grade signal in Toronto at the cost of the loss of reception from the southern part of the market (WIVB formerly transmitted from Colden, while WNLO's transmitter is situated in Grand Island in Buffalo's non-Canadian northern reaches). 	[1,153]
0WRNN-TV 	WWOR-TV 	48.# 	Independent 	Kingston, New York
0and the Hudson Valley
0(new COL New Rochelle) 	May 1 	WRNN-TV was sold in the broadcast spectrum auction for $212 million, in what was initially believed to be the highest payout for any station in the spectrum auction. The "Regional News Network" programming will continue through some other, unspecified method after the station goes off the air. On February 16, the station stated that it had entered into a channel sharing agreement with Fox Television Stations and their Secaucus, New Jersey-licensed MyNetworkTV flagship station, WWOR-TV (virtual channel 9/digital channel 25), with a change of city of license to New Rochelle. 	[1,154]
0WNDY-TV 	WISH-TV 	23.# 	MyNetworkTV 	Marion/Indianapolis, Indiana 	June 15 	Nexstar Media Group sold the UHF channel 32 spectrum for WNDY-TV in 2017. It entered into a channel sharing agreement with WISH-TV, which has been co-owned with WNDY since 2005, and the two licenses will share WISH-TV’s RF channel 9, giving the station a city-grade signal in Indianapolis at the cost of the loss of reception from the northern part of the market (WNDY formerly transmitted from Hamilton County, Indiana, while WISH-TV’s transmitter is situated in the Augusta neighborhood of Indianapolis’ northwest side). 	[1,155]
0WNNE 	WPTZ 	31.# 	NBC→The CW + 	Burlington, Vermont/Plattsburgh, New York
0(new COL Montpelier) 	July 22 	WNNE was sold in the broadcast spectrum auction for just under $50.5 million. On November 20, 2017, Hearst Television indicated that it would enter WNNE into a post-auction channel sharing agreement with WPTZ, with which the former has been co-owned since 1990; WNNE's city of license would also be changed from Hartford, Vermont to the state capital of Montpelier. (The WPTZ signal does not sufficiently reach Hartford). The commencement of WNNE's channel-sharing operations with WPTZ – and relocation of transmitter facilities from Mt. Ascutney to WPTZ's facility atop Mt. Mansfield – on July 22, resulted in WNNE's signal being unavailable over-the-air in Vermont's Upper Valley region. (Viewers in that area can now only receive WNNE through cable or satellite, or attempt to receive WWLP/Springfield, Massachusetts) WPTZ's second 5.2 subchannel affiliated with The CW Plus then became associated with WNNE's virtual channel 31.1 instead. 	[1,147]
0Station closures
0Station 	Channel 	Affiliation 	Market 	Date 	Notes 	Source
0WOTH-CD 	20.# 	Movies! 	Cincinnati, Ohio 	January 23 	On April 4, 2017, Block Broadcasting announced that it had sold WOTH-CD's broadcast spectrum in the FCC spectrum auction for $13.266 million. After initially indicating that it would enter into a channel sharing agreement post-auction, Block announced in December of that year, that it would instead cease operating WOTH-CD on January 23, 2018. After WOTH shut down on that date, Movies! and Heroes & Icons were respectively moved to sister station WBQC-LD (retaining their former 20.1 and 20.4 channel placements originally mapped by WOTH), with Decades expected to follow suit in February. (Three other networks that were carried by WOTH at the time it ceased operations – Buzzr, Newsmax TV and The Action Channel – will not be transitioned to WBQC's signal, while the Home Shopping Network and Evine were already carried on WBQC subchannels.) 	[1,156]
0WCMZ-TV 	28.# 	PBS 	Flint/Tri-Cities, Michigan 	April 23 	Central Michigan University, owner of WCMU-TV and three satellite stations of the PBS member in the Northern Michigan region, announced it will sell WCMZ-TV's broadcast spectrum in the FCC spectrum auction for $14 million to reduce redundancy of PBS programming in the market, which is also served by Delta College-owned PBS member WDCQ. 	[1,157]
0KNCT 	46.# 	PBS 	Belton/Killeen/
0Temple/Waco, Texas 	August 31 	On February 27, 2018, the Central Texas College Board of Trustees voted to shut down KNCT due to budgetary concerns relating to the spectrum repacking – as the board originally assumed the FCC would cover the $4.4 million in expenses for the move, only to discover it would only cover 60% of the cost (resulting in Central Texas College shouldering $1.76 million in transition costs – and replacement of the station's transmission tower (originally built in 1970). The shutdown of KNCT – which originally intended to move its digital assignment from UHF channel 46 to UHF channel 17 by March 13, 2020 – will leave KAMU-TV/College Station as the only PBS station serving Central Texas, though area cable systems have the option of replace KNCT with KERA-TV/Dallas or KLRU/Austin. While PBS programming will no longer be available over-the-air in the Waco–Temple–Killeen market, KNCT's operational cessation is expected to be temporary as a result of the Central Texas College Board of Trustees's grant to reassign the license to Gray Television (owner of CBS affiliate KWTX-TV). 	[1,158]
0WVTA 	41.# 	PBS 	Windsor, Vermont 	TBD 	Vermont PBS announced on February 17, 2017 that it will sell the broadcast license for WVTA, which transmits from Mount Ascutney, for $56 million in the FCC spectrum auction. In a statement, the member network said that its other signals will be upgraded to cover the viewing area (southeastern Vermont and southwestern New Hampshire) served by WVTA. 	[1,159]
0Deaths
0
0This section may contain indiscriminate, excessive, or irrelevant examples. Please improve the article by adding more descriptive text and removing less pertinent examples. See Wikipedia's guide to writing better articles for further suggestions. (December 2018)
0Date 	Name 	Age 	Notability 	Source
0January 1 	Jon Paul Steuer 	33 	Actor best known as the first Quentin Kelly on Grace Under Fire. Also guest spots on Star Trek: The Next Generation, Day by Day, Homefront, and The Wonder Years. 	[1,160]
0January 2 	Frank Buxton 	87 	Actor famous for voicing Batfink and Hugo-A-Go-Go on Batfink, writer, director (The Odd Couple, Happy Days, The Oprah Winfrey Show, and Mork & Mindy.) 	[1,161]
0January 5 	Carole Hart 	77 	American producer 	[1,162]
0Jerry Van Dyke 	86 	Actor best known as Luther Van Dam on Coach. Also recurring roles on The Middle, Yes, Dear, You Wish, Teen Angel, 13 Queens Boulevard, Headmaster, Accidental Family, My Mother the Car, and The Dick Van Dyke Show. Brother of Dick Van Dyke. 	[1,163]
0January 7 	Doug Young 	98 	American voice actor, best known for voicing Doggie Daddy in Hanna Barbera cartoons 	[1,164]
0January 8 	Donnelly Rhodes 	80 	Canadian actor (Bonanza, The Alfred Hitchcock Hour, Laredo, Run for Your Life, Bob Hope Presents the Chrysler Theatre, The Wild Wild West, Mission: Impossible, Insight, The Young and the Restless, Soap, Report to Murphy, Hill Street Blues, Double Trouble, The Heights, Murder, She Wrote, The X-Files, The Outer Limits, Life as We Know It, Battlestar Galactica, Supernatural, The Flash, Legends of Tomorrow) 	[1,165]
0January 10 	Doreen Tracey 	74 	Actress and one of the original Mouseketeers on The Mickey Mouse Club 	[1,166]
0January 13 	Keith Jackson 	89 	Sportscaster for ABC and ESPN for over 50 years, most notably for college football. 	[1,167]
0Naomi Stevens 	92 	American actress 	[1,168]
0January 14 	Hugh Wilson 	74 	Writer/director/producer, most notably on WKRP in Cincinnati, Frank's Place, and The Famous Teddy Z 	[1,169]
0January 16 	Bradford Dillman 	87 	American actor (Kraft Theatre, Alcoa Premiere, Kraft Suspense Theatre, The Alfred Hitchcock Hour, Dr. Kildare, Court Martial, Shane, Bob Hope Presents the Chrysler Theatre, The Man from U.N.C.L.E., The Big Valley, Judd for the Defense, Ironside, The Virginian, The F.B.I., Mission: Impossible, Medical Center, Cannon, The Wide World of Mystery, Barnaby Jones, King's Crossing, Falcon Crest, Dynasty, Hotel and Murder, She Wrote) 	[1,170]
0January 19 	Lin Bolen 	76 	American producer (Stumpers! and W.E.B.) and vice president of daytime television programming for NBC 	[1,171]
0Olivia Cole 	75 	American actress (Guiding Light, Police Woman, Roots, Szysznyk, Backstairs at the White House, Report to Murphy, North and South, The Women of Brewster Place, Brewster Place, L.A. Law and Murder, She Wrote) 	[1,172]
0John Conboy 	83 	American producer (Love Is a Many Splendored Thing, The Young and the Restless, Capitol, Santa Barbara and Guiding Light) 	[1,173]
0Dorothy Malone 	93 	Actress (best known for her role as Constance Mackenzie in Peyton Place and the TV movies Murder in Peyton Place and Peyton Place: The Next Generation). 	[1,174]
0January 20 	John Coleman 	83 	Meteorologist (co-founder of The Weather Channel; worked at several local stations including WLS-TV/Chicago and KUSI-TV/San Diego) 	[1,175]
0January 21 	Connie Sawyer 	105 	Actress (The Jackie Gleason Show, The Andy Griffith Show, Bonanza, My World and Welcome to It, Room 222, The F.B.I., McMillan & Wife, Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman, The Streets of San Francisco, Kojak, Starsky and Hutch, Hawaii Five-O, Archie Bunker's Place, Hill Street Blues, In the Heat of the Night, Murder, She Wrote, Boy Meets World, Becker, ER and Ray Donovan) 	[1,176]
0January 22 	Ursula K. Le Guin 	88 	Science fiction author of The Lathe of Heaven which was adapted into a pair of TV movies, and the Legend of Earthsea series which became the miniseries Earthsea 	[1,177]
0January 23 	Robert Dowdell 	85 	Actor (Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea, Stoney Burke) 	[1,178]
0January 25 	John Morris 	91 	American composer 	[1,179]
0January 26 	Cyrus Yavneh 	75 	American producer (CBS Summer Playhouse, Son of the Morning Star, Nothing Sacred, 24, Supernatural and Hit the Floor) 	[1,180]
0January 27 	Mort Walker 	94 	American cartoonist, whose King Features Syndicate characters Beetle Bailey and Hi and Lois were later made into animated television series and specials. 	[1,181]
0January 30 	Mark Salling 	35 	Actor and musician, best known as Noah 'Puck' Puckerman on Glee 	[1,182]
0Louis Zorich 	93 	Actor, best known as Burt Buchman on Mad About You and Jules Berger on Brooklyn Bridge 	[1,183]
0January 31 	Leah LaBelle 	31 	Singer who competed on the third season of American Idol. 	[1,184]
0February 4 	John Mahoney 	77 	Actor, best known as Martin Crane on Frasier (other works include guest spots/recurring roles on Chicago Story, Saturday Night Live, H.E.L.P., The Human Factor, Cheers, 3rd Rock from the Sun, Becker, The Simpsons, In Treatment, Burn Notice and Hot in Cleveland) 	[1,185]
0February 7 	Mickey Jones 	76 	American actor (recurring roles on Home Improvement and Justified; guest spots onThe Rockford Files, The Dukes of Hazzard, Flo, The Incredible Hulk, T.J. Hooker, V, Alice, The A-Team, All My Children, ALF, Something Is Out There, Baywatch, Step by Step, Northern Exposure, and Boy Meets World) 	[1,186]
0February 9 	Reg E. Cathey 	59 	Actor, best known for his roles on Square One Television, and as Freddy Hayes on House of Cards, Norman Wilson on The Wire, Martin Querns on Oz, and Byron Giles on Outcast 	[1,187]
0John Gavin 	86 	Actor, best known as Harrison Destry on Destry and Dan Talbot on Convoy. 	[1,188]
0February 11 	Vic Damone 	89 	Singer (host of The Lively Ones, appeared in guest spots on episodes of The Dick Van Dyke Show, The DuPont Show with June Allyson, The Rebel, The Judy Garland Show, and a Diet Pepsi commercial during Super Bowl XXV) 	[1,189]
0Jan Maxwell 	61 	Actress (Recurring roles on Another World, BrainDead, Billy & Billie, The Divide, Gossip Girl, All My Children, One Life to Live, Santa Barbara, and Murder, She Wrote.) 	[1,190]
0February 12 	Marty Allen 	95 	American comedian and actor (Kraft Music Hall, The Tonight Show, Tonight Starring Jack Paar, The Garry Moore Show, The Match Game, The Price Is Right, The Hollywood Palace, What's My Line?, Dream Girl of '67, Personality, Della, The Ed Sullivan Show, The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, The Merv Griffin Show, The Dean Martin Show, Tattletales, Dinah!, The Hollywood Squares, The Mike Douglas Show and The Bob Braun Show). 	[1,191]
0February 16 	Lassie Lou Ahern 	97 	Actress, best known for her appearances in the Our Gang film series; TV roles include guest spots on Love, American Style, The Odd Couple, The Magician, and Petrocelli 	[1,192]
0February 21 	Billy Graham 	99 	Televangelist, appeared on numerous talk shows; his evangelistic association's Crusades were packaged into self-syndicated television specials 	[1,193]
0February 22 	Nanette Fabray 	97 	Emmy Award-winning actress (recurring role on The Mary Tyler Moore Show, guest spots on One Day at a Time, Burke’s Law, The Girl from U.N.C.L.E., Love, American Style, Maude, I Dream of Jeannie, Bewitched, Murder, She Wrote, Your Show of Shows, Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In, and Coach); game show personality (The Hollywood Squares, What's My Line?, Password All-Stars, and Match Game); and frequent talk show guest (The Carol Burnett Show and The Ed Sullivan Show) 	[1,194]
0February 23 	James Colby 	56 	American actor (As the World Turns, NYPD Blue, Waterfront, Law & Order, Law & Order: Criminal Intent, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, Blue Bloods, Deception, Taxi Brooklyn, Madoff, Chicago P.D. and Empire) 	[1,195]
0February 26 	Paul De Meo 	64 	American writer and producer, co-creator of The Flash, Human Target, Viper and The Sentinel. Recurring on K-Ville and Loving. 	[1,196]
0Benjamin Melniker 	104 	American producer (Dinosaucers, Swamp Thing: The Series, Fish Police, Swamp Thing, and Where on Earth Is Carmen Sandiego?). Recurring on Sister, Sister, As the World Turns, The Bold and the Beautiful, Days of Our Lives, General Hospital, Guiding Light, The Young and the Restless, and Moesha. 	[1,197]
0March 3 	David Ogden Stiers 	75 	American actor, voiceover artist, and musician, best known for portraying Major Charles Emerson Winchester III on M*A*S*H, D.A. Michael Reston in the Perry Mason made-for-TV movies, and recurring roles in Two Guys and a Girl as Mr. Bauer, and Oberoth in Stargate Atlantis, as well as voicing Dr. Jumba Jookiba In Lilo & Stitch: The Series, among his notable credits. 	[1,198]
0March 6 	Donna Butterworth 	62 	Actor and singer (guest spots on The Dean Martin Show, The Danny Kaye Show, and The Hollywood Palace) 	[1,199]
0March 10 	Michael Gershman 	73 	American cinematographer and director (Courthouse, Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Crossing Jordan) 	[1,200]
0March 17 	Mike MacDonald 	63 	Actor and comedian (guest spots on Late Night with David Letterman, The Arsenio Hall Show, Just For Laughs, Comedy Club All-Star Show, An Evening at the Improv, The A List, and three specials for Showtime) 	[1,201]
0March 23 	DuShon Monique Brown 	49 	Actress, best known as Connie on Chicago Fire and Katie Welch on Prison Break 	[1,202]
0March 24 	Debbie Lee Carrington 	58 	Actress and stuntwoman (guest spots on In Living Color, Baywatch, The Drew Carey Show, and several other shows and TV movies). 	[1,203]
0April 1 	Steven Bochco 	74 	Writer and producer (creator of Hill Street Blues, L.A. Law, NYPD Blue and Doogie Howser, M.D.) 	[1,204]
0Bob Beattie 	85 	Skiing coach and commentator for ABC and ESPN 	[1,205]
0April 8 	Chuck McCann 	83 	American voice actor (DuckTales, G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero) and commercial voiceover artist (Right Guard deodorant, Cocoa Puffs mascot Sonny the Cuckoo Bird). Also host of several local children's shows and guest spots on several sitcoms. 	[1,206]
0April 15 	R. Lee Ermey 	74 	Actor, voice actor, TV host, and United States Marine Corps drill instructor (TV work includes hosting Mail Call, Lock n' Load with R. Lee Ermey, and GunnyTime; and guest spots on House, SpongeBob SquarePants, and Rocket Power) 	[1,207]
0April 16 	Harry Anderson 	65 	Actor best known as Judge Harry T. Stone on Night Court and Dave Barry on Dave's World. Also had a main role in the miniseries It, a brief recurring role on Cheers, and hosted Saturday Night Live several times. 	[1,208]
0Pamela Gidley 	52 	Actress and model (recurring roles on Tour of Duty, Strange Luck, The Pretender, Angel Street, Skin, and CSI: Crime Scene Investigation; and appearances in the TV movies Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me, Glory Days, Blue Bayou, Man Made, and Goodbye Casanova) 	[1,209]
0April 17 	Ken Dolan 	75 	American financial advisor who along with wife Daria Dolan formed the double act The Dolans (hosts of Dolans Unscripted on CNN and contributors to CBS This Morning) 	[1,210]
0April 18 	Bruno Sammartino 	82 	Legendary WWE Hall of Fame professional wrestler 	[1,211]
0April 20 	Al Swift 	82 	Politician and Emmy Award-winning TV news producer at KVOS-TV/Bellingham, Washington 	[1,212]
0April 21 	Verne Troyer 	49 	American actor, reality television participant and stuntman best known as Mini-Me in the Austin Powers movies (TV work includes a regular role in Shasta McNasty; stunt work on Masked Rider; member of The Surreal Life and The Surreal Life: Fame Games; recurring and guest roles include Jack of All Trades, Sabrina, the Teenage Witch, Boston Public, Bo! in the USA, Welcome to Sweden, Celebrity Juice, Celebrity Wife Swap, and Whose Line Is It Anyway?) 	[1,213]
0April 22 	Dave Nelson 	73 	Retired baseball player and coach. TV color commentator/analyst for the Milwaukee Brewers and Kansas City Royals. 	[1,214]
0April 23 	Don Bustany 	89 	Camera coordinator on The Mary Tyler Moore Show, The Bob Newhart Show, and other MTM productions; co-creator of America's Top 10 	[1,215]
0Bob Dorough 	94 	Musician who wrote and performed the music on Schoolhouse Rock! 	[1,216]
0April 27 	Paul Junger Witt 	77 	Co-founder of Witt/Thomas Productions and film and television producer of such works as Here Come the Brides, The Partridge Family, The Golden Girls, Soap, Benson, Empty Nest and Blossom. 	[1,217]
0April 29 	Robert Mandan 	86 	American actor, notable for playing Chester Tate on Soap, James Bradford in Three’s A Crowd, and Col. Lawrence Fielding on Private Benjamin. Guest roles in The Facts of Life, Who's the Boss?, All in the Family, Maude, Sanford and Son, Married... with Children, and Star Trek: Deep Space Nine. 	[1,218]
0May 6 	Ray Szmanda 	91 	Announcer on Menards commercials from 1976–1998 	[1,219]
0May 13 	Margot Kidder 	69 	Canadian-born American Emmy-award-winning actress and activist best known as Lois Lane in the 1970s-1980s Superman movies (TV work includes a regular role in Nichols, panelist on Mantrap, guest spots on Harry O, Banacek, Saturday Night Live, The L Word, Brothers and Sisters, Smallville, and R.L. Stine's The Haunting Hour; TV movie work includes Pygmalion, Body of Evidence and WindRunner) 	[1,220]
0May 16 	Joseph Campanella 	93 	Actor best known as Jonathan Young on The Bold and the Beautiful, and recurring roles on The Bold Ones: The Lawyers, The Doctors and the Nurses, Mannix, One Day at a Time, The Colbys, Road Rovers, That's Life, and Spider-Man 	[1,221]
0May 20 	Patricia Morison 	103 	Actress and singer (TV work includes a recurring role as Dr. Karen Gayle on The Cases of Eddie Drake and guest spots on Cheers and Have Gun – Will Travel) 	[1,222][1,223]
0May 21 	Allyn Ann McLerie 	91 	Canadian-born American actress and dancer (regular role in The Days and Nights of Molly Dodd and The Tony Randall Show; recurring roles in WKRP in Cincinnati and Punky Brewster; guest roles include The Love Boat, The Thorn Birds, St. Elsewhere, Barney Miller, Dynasty, The Waltons and Brooklyn Bridge) 	[1,224]
0May 21 	Clint Walker 	90 	Actor, best known as Cheyenne Bodie on Cheyenne 	[1,225]
0May 22 	Elizabeth Sung 	63 	Actress, best known as Luan Volien from The Young and the Restless; guest appearances include Hawaii Five-0, The Sopranos, Bones, and Curb Your Enthusiasm 	[1,226]
0May 24 	Jerry Maren 	98 	Actor, best known as a member of the Munchkin Lollipop Guild in the frequently televised film The Wizard of Oz; was a regular cast member on No Soap, Radio and The Gong Show, in addition to guest appearances on The Odd Couple and Seinfeld 	[1,227]
0June 5 	Kate Spade 	55 	American fashion designer, sister-in-law of David Spade, and aunt of Rachel Brosnahan (appearances include Today and The View). 	[1,228]
0June 8 	Anthony Bourdain 	61 	Chef, four-time Emmy winning-television host (A Cook's Tour, The Layover, Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations, and Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown) and writer (Treme). Guest appearances include Miami Ink, The Simpsons and Yo Gabba Gabba!. 	[314]
0June 9 	Murray Fromson 	88 	Correspondent on CBS News 	[1,229]
0June 10 	Neal E. Boyd 	42 	Opera singer and winner of America's Got Talent season three. 	[1,230]
0June 11 	Rumen Petkov 	70 	Animator and director (Aaahh!!! Real Monsters, Johnny Bravo, Dexter's Laboratory, Cow and Chicken, I Am Weasel, The New Woody Woodpecker Show, The Powerpuff Girls, Duckman, Mike, Lu & Og) 	[1,231]
0June 12 	Al Meltzer 	89 	Sports anchor at WCAU in Philadelphia 	[1,232]
0June 15 	Joe DeNardo 	87 	American meteorologist, philanthropist, and lifetime Emmy recipient, notable for his work at WTAE-TV Pittsburgh from 1969 to 2007, as well as an early tenure with KDKA-TV 	[1,233]
0June 17 	Elizabeth Brackett 	76 	Journalist (correspondent on PBS NewsHour and host of Chicago Tonight on WTTW) 	[1,234]
0June 18 	Richard Valeriani 	85 	Correspondent for NBC News 	[1,235]
0June 21 	Charles Krauthammer 	68 	Pulitzer Prize–winning columnist (The Washington Post) and pundit (Fox News) 	[1,236]
0June 22 	Deanna Lund 	81 	American actress and author, notable for playing Valerie Scott in Land of The Giants and Peggy Lowell on General Hospital 	[1,237]
0June 24 	Stanley Anderson 	78 	American actor (Son of the Morning Star, L.A. Law, Dangerous Minds, The Shining, Players, Seinfeld, The X-Files, Ally McBeal, Crossing Jordan, Roswell, Law & Order, American Dreams, The Practice, The Drew Carey Show and NYPD Blue) 	[1,238]
0Richard Benjamin Harrison 	77 	American pawn shop owner and reality television personality ("Old Man" on Pawn Stars) 	[1,239]
0June 28 	Harlan Ellison 	84 	Writer (The Flying Nun, Burke's Law, Route 66, The Outer Limits, Star Trek, The Man from U.N.C.L.E., Cimarron Strip, and The Alfred Hitchcock Hour). Voice credits include Phantom 2040 and Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated. 	[1,240]
0June 29 	Matt Cappotelli 	38 	American professional wrestler, Co-winner of the third season of WWE Tough Enough. 	[1,241]
0Steve Ditko 	90 	Writer/artist for Marvel Comics who co-created the characters Spider-Man (star of two live action and eight animated television series) and Doctor Strange (most prominently featured in a 1978 TV movie) 	[1,242]
0July 1 	Dick Feagler 	79 	News commentator at Cleveland stations WVIX, WKYC and WEWS-TV. 	[1,243]
0July 5 	Ed Schultz 	64 	Political commentator and host of The Ed Show and News with Ed Schultz 	[1,074]
0July 8 	Tab Hunter 	86 	Actor (star of The Tab Hunter Show, guest spots on Hawaii Five-O, The Love Boat and The Six Million Dollar Man) 	[1,244]
0Alan Johnson 	81 	Choreographer, three time Emmy Award-winner (Irving Berlin's 100th Birthday Celebration, Shirley MacLaine... 'Every Little Movement, and S Wonderful, 'S Marvelous, 'S Gershwin) 	[1,245]
0July 12 	Roger Perry 	85 	American actor (December Bride, Harrigan and Son, Arrest and Trial, Nanny and the Professor, Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color, Love, American Style, Ironside, The F.B.I., Barnaby Jones, The Facts of Life and Falcon Crest) 	[1,246]
0July 17 	Gary Beach 	70 	Actor (guest spots on Queer as Folk, Murder, She Wrote, Cheers, Sisters, Arli$$, Saved by the Bell, and Family Guy) 	[1,247]
0July 18 	Adrian Cronauer 	79 	American radio and television personality and voice over talent who was immortalized by Robin Williams in the 1987 film adaptation of his autobiography Good Morning, Vietnam (alumnus of WRFT Roanoke, Virginia; commercial work included Lipton, Columbia Records and Welch’s) 	[1,248]
0July 19 	Jon Schnepp 	51 	Animator, director, producer, writer, and voice actor, best known for his work on Metalocalypse, Space Ghost Coast to Coast, and Aqua Teen Hunger Force 	[1,249]
0July 21 	Elmarie Wendel 	89 	Actress best known as Mamie Dubcek on 3rd Rock from the Sun and Gina on George Lopez. Guest spots on Love & War, Seinfeld, General Hospital, Bewitched, Murphy Brown, and Empty Nest. 	[1,250]
0July 25 	Frank Clarke 	84 	Retired football player and sportscaster (NFL on CBS, WFAA-TV/Dallas, Texas) 	[1,251]
0Patrick Williams 	79 	Four-time Emmy-winning composer (The Days and Nights of Molly Dodd, The Streets of San Francisco, The Mary Tyler Moore Show) 	[1,252]
0July 29 	Brian Christopher 	46 	Former WWE and TNA wrestler 	[1,253]
0Nikolai Volkoff 	70 	WWE Hall of Fame professional wrestler 	[1,254]
0August 2 	Neil Argo 	71 	Composer (Wild America, Mission: Impossible, Dynasty, The Colbys, MacGyver, and Beverly Hills, 90210). 	[1,255]
0August 5 	Gerry Lenfest 	88 	Lawyer and executive (chairman and majority shareholder of TelVue) 	[1,256]
0Charlotte Rae 	92 	American character actress, singer, and dancer, best known as Edna Garrett in the sitcoms Diff'rent Strokes and its spin-off, The Facts of Life, as well as a regular role as Mrs. Bellotti in Hot l Baltimore and a cast member of The Rich Little Show and recurring roles as Molly the Mail Lady on Sesame Street and Sylvia Schnauzer on Car 54, Where Are You?. 	[1,257]
0August 6 	Patricia Benoit 	91 	Actress (The Philco Television Playhouse, Mister Peepers, Producers' Showcase, The Alcoa Hour, The United States Steel Hour and As the World Turns) 	[1,258]
0August 8 	John Glines 	84 	Producer and writer (Sesame Street and Captain Kangaroo) 	[1,259]
0August 13 	Jim "The Anvil" Neidhart 	63 	Longtime WWF and WCW professional wrestler 	[1,260]
0August 16 	Aretha Franklin 	76 	Soul singer/songwriter and pianist. Appeared on Soul Train, American Bandstand, The Mike Douglas Show, The Merv Griffin Show, The Hollywood Palace, The Flip Wilson Show and The Dick Cavett Show. Guest appearances on Room 222 and Murphy Brown. Commercial work for Snickers, Pepsi, Prodigy, Target, Pizza Hut, Coca-Cola, and McDonald’s. Sang the theme songs for A Different World and Together. 	[1,261]
0August 20 	Craig Zadan 	69 	Producer (Gypsy, Serving in Silence: The Margarethe Cammermeyer Story, Twists of Terror, Double Platinum, The Wonderful World of Disney, The Beach Boys: An American Family, The Three Stooges, What Makes a Family, Brian's Song, Life with Judy Garland: Me and My Shadows, Martin and Lewis, The Music Man, Lucy, The Reagans, Veritas: The Quest, Suburban Madness, It's All Relative, Empire, Wedding Wars, A Raisin in the Sun, Living Proof, Smash, Blue Lagoon: The Awakening, Steel Magnolias, Drop Dead Diva, The Anna Nicole Story and Bonnie & Clyde) 	[1,262]
0August 21 	Barbara Harris 	83 	Actress (guest spots on Alfred Hitchcock Presents, Naked City, Channing, The Defenders, Stand Up and Cheer, The Doctors and the Nurses, and Middle Ages) 	[1,263]
0Stefan Karl Stefansson 	43 	Icelandic actor best known as the villain Robbie Rotten on LazyTown. 	[1,264]
0August 23 	Brian Drebber 	68 	Sportscaster (Speed, TNT, ESPN, ABC, CBS, and PBS) 	[1,265]
0Russ Heath 	91 	Artist (Godzilla, Blackstar, G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero, RoboCop: The Animated Series, The Karate Kid, X-Men: Pryde of the X-Men and G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero (1989 TV series)) 	[1,266]
0August 24 	Robin Leach 	76 	British writer and TV personality, best known as the longtime host of Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous. Also host of Fame, Fortune and Romance, The Surreal Life: Fame Games and Madonna Exposed; contributor for People Tonight, AM Los Angeles, and Entertainment Tonight; co-founder of Food Network; and a guest appearance in WrestleMania IV. 	[1,267]
0August 25 	Neil Simon 	91 	Playwright, wrote The Odd Couple on which three TV series (the original 1970–1975 version, a 1982–1983 remake, and a 2015–2017 update) are based. Also screenwriter (Your Show of Shows, The Phil Silvers Show, Laughter on the 23rd Floor) 	[1,268]
0August 26 	Barrie Dunsmore 	79 	Senior foreign/diplomatic correspondent for ABC News 	[1,269]
0August 27 	Fredd Wayne 	93 	Actor best known for his Benjamin Franklin impression and one man show Benjamin Franklin, Citizen 	[1,270]
0August 29 	Stan Brock 	82 	English-American wilderness expert and founder of Remote Area Medical (TV work includes Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom) 	[1,271]
0August 30 	Vanessa Marquez 	49 	Actress primarily known for her recurring role on the first three seasons of ER as nurse Wendy Goldman; also recurred on Malcolm And Eddie 	[1,272]
0August 31 	Susan Brown 	86 	Actress best known for soap opera roles, including Santa Barbara, Port Charles, As the World Turns, The Bold and the Beautiful, Days of Our Lives, General Hospital, Guiding Light, and The Young and the Restless. Also guest spots on Death Valley Days, Kojak, Marcus Welby, M.D., Barney Miller, Hotel, Beverly Hills, 90210, and Frasier. 	[1,273]
0Gloria Jean 	92 	Actress and singer (Rebound, Death Valley Days, The Colgate Comedy Hour, Your Favorite Story, Annie Oakley, Lux Video Theatre, Lock-Up, The Dick Powell Theatre and Saints and Sinners) 	[1,274]
0Carole Shelley 	79 	British-born American actress (In Living Color, Rheingold Theatre, The Avengers, The Odd Couple, Another World, As the World Turns, The Bold and the Beautiful, Days of Our Lives, Loving, All My Children, One Life to Live, Santa Barbara, General Hospital, Guiding Light, The Young and the Restless, Charlie's Angels, Spenser: For Hire, I Dream of Jeannie, The Cosby Show, Monsters, Hercules, Bewitched, Chicago Fire, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, Frasier, All That, and Third Watch) 	[1,275]
0September 4 	Bill Daily 	91 	Actor known for guest playing Mr. Johnson on Bewitched, Roger Healey on I Dream of Jeannie, Howard Borden on The Bob Newhart Show, and Dr. Larry Dykstra on ALF. Frequent panelist on Match Game. 	[1,276]
0Christopher Lawford 	63 	Actor (All My Children, One Life to Live, and General Hospital) 	[1,277]
0Thomas Rickman 	78 	Writer and director (wrote several TV movies including The Hands of Cormac Joyce, Home Cookin, Bethune, Truman, Tuesdays with Morrie, A Mother's Fight for Justice, The Reagans, Front of the Class and A Smile as Big as the Moon). 	[1,278]
0September 5 	Mike Hogewood 	65 	Sportscaster (Fox Sports South, Raycom Sports, Sun Sports, NESN, Comcast SportsNet, HDNet, Speed, TNN, and WFMY-TV/Greensboro, North Carolina) 	[1,279]
0September 6 	Thad Mumford 	67 	Writer/producer known for work on The Electric Company, M*A*S*H, and ALF 	[1,280]
0Burt Reynolds 	82 	Actor (main/recurring roles on Gunsmoke, Evening Shade, Out of This World, Hawk, Dan August, and B.L. Stryker); appeared as himself on The Golden Girls, Beverly Hills, 90210, The Larry Sanders Show, Cybill, and Archer; frequent guest host of The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson and guest star on Designing Women and My Name Is Earl 	[1,281]
0September 7 	Mac Miller 	26 	Rapper, reality television star (Mac Miller and the Most Dope Family). Performed on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, Today, The Late Show with Stephen Colbert, and The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore 	[1,282]
0September 10 	Peter Donat 	90 	Canadian-American actor (Kraft Television Theatre, Hawk, Mission: Impossible, I Spy, The Waltons, Mannix, Great Performances, Captains and the Kings, Rich Man, Poor Man Book II, Dallas, Flamingo Road, Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color, Murder, She Wrote, Time Trax, The Outer Limits and The X-Files) 	[1,283]
0September 13 	Marin Mazzie 	57 	Actress and singer (recurring role as Kathy Halverson on Still Standing). 	[1,284]
0September 16 	Frank Parker 	79 	Actor best known as Grandpa Shawn Brady on Days of Our Lives 	[1,285]
0September 23 	Gary Kurtz 	78 	Film/TV producer best known for his work on the original Star Wars trilogy (TV work includes Friends and Heroes, 5-25-77, The Tale of Jack Frost, and The Making of Star Wars) 	[1,286]
0September 25 	Jerry Thorpe 	92 	American director and producer (December Bride, The Walter Winchell File, The Lucy-Desi Comedy Hour, Westinghouse Desilu Playhouse, Kraft Mystery Theater, Kung Fu, Harry O, The MacKenzies of Paradise Cove, Chicago Story, Our House, One West Waikiki, The Untouchables, Vacation Playhouse, Rafferty, American Dream, The Devlin Connection and Falcon Crest) 	[1,287]
0September 26 	Roger Robinson 	78 	American actor (Ironside, Starsky and Hutch, Kojak, Baretta, King, Quincy M.E., Friends, The Jeffersons, The Incredible Hulk, The Dukes of Hazzard, Kate Brasher, ER, NYPD Blue, Rubicon, Elementary and How to Get Away with Murder) 	[1,288]
0October 4 	Will Vinton 	70 	American producer and writer (Gary & Mike, The PJs, The California Raisin Show, Adventures in Wonderland, Sesame Street) 	[1,289]
0October 5 	Ed Kenney 	85 	American singer and actor (guest spots on Alice, Flamingo Road and several other shows) 	[1,290]
0October 6 	Paul James 	87 	Sportscaster/sports director at Salt Lake City stations KSL-TV and KTVX 	[1,291]
0Don Sandburg 	87 	American actor and producer (The Bozo Show and The Banana Splits) 	[1,292]
0Scott Wilson 	76 	Actor best known as Hershel Greene on The Walking Dead. Also recurring roles on CSI: Crime Scene Investigation, Bosch, Damien, and The OA 	[1,293]
0October 7 	Peggy McCay 	90 	Actress best known as Caroline Brady on Days of Our Lives 	[1,294]
0Celeste Yarnall 	74 	Character actor (guest spots on The Adventures of Ozzie & Harriet, My Three Sons, The Man from U.N.C.L.E., Star Trek, It Takes a Thief, Hogan's Heroes, Land of the Giants, and Star Trek: Of Gods and Men) 	[1,295]
0October 8 	Arnold Kopelson 	83 	Film/TV producer (TV work includes executive producing the shows The Fugitive and Thieves, and the TV movies Frogmen and Past Tense). Also served on the board of directors for the CBS Corporation. 	[1,296]
0October 9 	Warner Saunders 	83 	News anchor at Chicago stations WMAQ-TV and WBBM-TV 	[1,297]
0October 11 	Carol Hall 	82 	Film/TV composer (Sesame Street and several TV movies and specials) 	[1,298]
0October 15 	Paul Allen 	65 	Businessman, philanthropist and investor (co-founder of Vulcan Productions which produced the TV documentaries Pandora's Promise, Strange Days on Planet Earth, The Blues, Nova: Cracking the Code of Life, Evolution, Rx For Survival, This Emotional Life, Black Sky: The Race For Space, Judgment Day: Intelligent Design on Trial, and Racing Extinction) 	[1,299]
0October 16 	Dennis Hof 	73 	Brothel owner and star of Cathouse: The Series 	[1,300]
0Sid Michaels Kavulich 	62 	Politician and former sportscaster at WBRE-TV/Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania 	[1,301]
0October 18 	Danny Leiner 	57 	Film/TV director (Backwash, The Mind of the Married Man) 	[1,302]
0October 24 	James Karen 	94 	American actor, voice over talent and commercial pitchman, notable for serving as the spokesperson for Pathmark, daytime roles as Dr. Burke on As the World Turns and the original Lincoln Tyler on All My Children, a recurrent role as Eliot Randolph in Eight is Enough, a memorable role as the pro-KKK businessman who was saved by George Jefferson via CPR in The Jeffersons, and ruthless businessman Nathan Lassiter in Little House: The Last Farewell, among his credits. 	[1,303]
0October 30 	Beverly McClellan 	49 	Singer who appeared on the first season of The Voice 	[1,304]
0November 4 	Mike Parker 	75 	News anchor/reporter at WBBM-TV/Chicago and KNXT-TV/Los Angeles 	[1,305]
0November 5 	Kitty O'Neil 	72 	American stunt-woman, coordinator, and consultant (credits include The Bionic Woman and Wonder Woman, of which she set a women's high-fall record of 127 feet (39 m) at the Valley Hilton in Sherman Oaks, California, later breaking the record with a 180-foot (55 m) fall from a helicopter while filming.) She was also portrayed by Stockard Channing in the biographical TV movie Silent Victory: The Kitty O'Neil Story 	[1,306]
0November 12 	Stan Lee 	95 	American comic book writer, best known as co-creator of Spider-Man, Hulk, Doctor Strange, Fantastic Four, The X-Men, Ant-Man, Iron Man, Thor, Daredevil, Black Panther, and many other Marvel Comics properties, many of which were adapted into television series in which Lee made cameos 	[1,307]
0November 13 	Katherine MacGregor 	93 	American actress, notable for portraying Harriet Oleson on Little House On The Prairie 	[1,308]
0November 15 	Roy Clark 	85 	American country musician, best known for co-hosting Hee Haw throughout its run (other TV work includes The Beverly Hillbillies, The Jimmy Dean Show, and numerous guest appearances) 	[1,309]
0November 16 	William Goldman 	87 	Writer (Mr. Horn, City in Fear); guest co-producing on Back to the Future 	[1,310]
0November 23 	Wayne Maunder 	80 	Canadian-born American actor, notable for playing George Armstrong Custer in Custer, Scott Lancer in Lancer, and Sergeant Sam MacCray in Chase 	[1,311]
0November 24 	Ricky Jay 	72 	Magician and actor (recurring roles on Deadwood, The Unit, and Kidnapped). Also the only magician ever profiled on American Masters. 	[1,312]
0November 26 	Stephen Hillenburg 	57 	Cartoonist, animator, producer, and teacher, best known as the creator of SpongeBob SquarePants and the director of Rocko's Modern Life 	[1,313]
0November 30 	George Bush 	94 	41st President of the United States, notably parodied by Dana Carvey on Saturday Night Live 	[1,314]
0December 1 	Ken Berry 	85 	American actor, singer, dancer, and personality, notable for his roles as Dr. Kapish on Dr. Kildare, Joe Dalrymple on No Time for Sergeants, Captain Parmenter on F Troop, Sam Jones on The Andy Griffith Show and Mayberry R.F.D., a recurrent member of The Carol Burnett Show, the host of his variety series, and Vinton Harper on Mama's Family; commercial work for Kinney Shoes. 	[1,315]
0December 2 	Paul Sherwen 	62 	English racing cyclist and sportscaster (NBC) 	[1,316]
0References
0
0Gay, Verne (January 2, 2018). "Altice USA drops Starz from its cable systems". Newsday. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
0Munson, Ben (January 2, 2018). "Cox's CBS station in Seattle blacked out for Frontier Fios customers". Fierce Cable. Questex LLC. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
0"Cox Media Group Removes KIRO-TV from Frontier Communications' Seattle FiOS Customers" (Press release). Frontier FiOS. January 1, 2018. Retrieved January 4, 2018 – via Business Wire.
0Frankel, Daniel (January 3, 2018). "WOW! battling Meredith amid relatively light turn-of-the-year retrans fighting". Fierce Cable. Questex LLC. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
0Koblin, John (2 January 2018). "Hoda Kotb Named to Replace Matt Lauer as Co-Anchor of NBC's 'Today' - The New York Times". The New York Times. Retrieved 3 January 2018.
0Stelter, Brian (January 3, 2018). "CBS News fires political director amid allegations of 'inappropriate behavior'". CNNMoney. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
0Nyren, Erin (January 3, 2018). "CBS News Political Director Fired After Allegations of 'Inappropriate Behavior'". Variety. Retrieved January 4, 2018.
0Geier, Thom (January 4, 2018). "CBS News Political Director Steve Chaggaris Fired After Accusations of 'Inappropriate Behavior'". The Wrap.
0Johnson, Alex (January 4, 2018). "'Jeopardy!' on hiatus after host Alex Trebek has brain surgery". NBC News. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (January 4, 2018). "'Jeopardy!' Host Alex Trebek On Medical Leave Following Surgery". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
0Osborne, Mark (January 5, 2018). "'Jeopardy!' host Alex Trebek takes leave of absence following surgery". ABC News.
0"Raiders officially name Gruden new head coach". ESPN. Retrieved 2018-01-07.
0"Jake Tapper Pulls The Plug On Stephen Miller's Trainwreck Interview". HuffPost. Retrieved 2018-01-07.
0'Three Billboards' and 'Big Little Lies' are the top winners of a very different kind of Golden Globes awards Los Angeles Times, January 7, 2018
0“Main Studio Rule Elimination Takes Effect Monday, January 8” from Radio Insight (January 4, 2018)
0"John Dickerson named new CBS This Morning co-host". United States: CBS News. January 9, 2018. Retrieved January 9, 2018.
0Battaglio, Stephen (January 9, 2018). "'Face the Nation' anchor John Dickerson will replace Charlie Rose on 'CBS This Morning'". Los Angeles Times. Tronc. Retrieved January 10, 2018.
0"Margaret Brennan named Face the Nation moderator". Retrieved 2018-02-22.
0Lumb, David (January 19, 2018). "Aereo-like NYC nonprofit Locast streams local TV for free". Engadget. Oath Inc. Retrieved January 22, 2018.
0Smith, Gerry (January 19, 2018). "Nonprofit Streams Free TV, Inviting Broadcaster Suit". Bloomberg News. Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved January 22, 2018.
0Swann, Phillip (January 31, 2018). "Charter to Launch News Channels In Los Angeles, 4 Other Markets". TVAnswerMan.
0Han, Courtney (19 January 2018). "TV film crew arrested after TSA allegedly catches them intentionally bringing fake explosive to airport". Retrieved 20 January 2018.
0Film crew linked to CNBC show arrested after attempting to sneak fake bomb through airport security The Hill, January 19, 2018
0Dominic Patten; Erik Pedersen (January 22, 2018). "Judge Judy & CBS Sued Again Over Profits For Syndication's Biggest Court Show". Deadline Hollywood.
0"Michigan man arrested after caller threatens to kill CNN employees," from CNN.com, 1/23/2018
0Wemple, Erik (January 23, 2018). "CNN threat: When 'fake news' gets very, very scary". The Washington Post. Nash Holdings LLC. Retrieved January 24, 2018.
0"Alex Rodriguez to call games for ESPN on Sunday Night Baseball". ESPN. January 23, 2018. Retrieved January 24, 2018.
0Rapp, Timothy (January 23, 2018). "Alex Rodriguez Added to ESPN's Sunday Night Baseball Broadcast Booth". Bleacher Report. Retrieved January 24, 2018.
0Sanders, Jeff. "Matt Vasgersian joins ESPN's Sunday Night Baseball team". U-T San Diego. Retrieved 2018-01-23.
0"Station Trading Roundup: 1 Deal, $2.7 Million". TVNewsCheck. January 23, 2018. Retrieved January 24, 2018.
0“Jemele Hill is Leaving SC6 for The Undefeated” from Sports Illustrated (January 26, 2018)
0"ESPN's Michael Smith Leaves 'SportsCenter'". March 9, 2018 – via CNN.
0"Report: Sage Steele, Kevin Negandhi to anchor ESPN's revamped 'SportsCenter'". May 9, 2018 – via The Athletic/USA Today.
0"When Are The 2018 GRAMMYs?". 9 May 2017.
0“Hillary Clinton, Cardi B and More 'Audition' to Narrate 'Fire and Fury' at the 2018 Grammys” from Billboard (January 28, 2018)
0“Grammys 2018 Winners: The Complete List” from Billboard (January 28, 2018)
0Littleton, Cynthia (January 29, 2018). "Producer Mark Gordon to Head TV, Film, and Digital for Entertainment One, Gordon Co. Bought Out for $209 Million". Variety.
0"Headlines return to HLN, along with former moniker". NewscastStudio. January 29, 2018. Retrieved January 31, 2018.
0Ariens, Chris (January 29, 2018). "HLN Brings Back Headline News". TVNewser. Beringer Capital. Retrieved January 31, 2018.
0“Host of Home Remodeling TV Shows Charged With Sexually Assaulting Minor In Old Lyme” from Hartford Courant (January 29, 2018)
0Puente, Maria (January 26, 2018). "Jimmy Kimmel announces he'll interview 'very gifted' Stormy Daniels Tuesday". USA Today.
0Russonello, Giovanni (January 31, 2018). "Stormy Daniels Deflects Jimmy Kimmel's Questions on Rumored Trump Affair". The New York Times.
0Pallotta, Frank (January 31, 2018). "Stormy Daniels talks (and doesn't talk) Trump with Jimmy Kimmel". CNN.
0“Stormy Daniels Says Trump Lawyer Breached Agreement, So She’s Free To Talk” from The Huffington Post (February 14, 2018)
0"Trinity Buying New York And Chicago LPTVs". TVNewsCheck. January 30, 2018. Retrieved January 31, 2018.
0Jacobson, Adam (January 30, 2018). "TBN Snags Two Top Market Signals". Radio-Television Business Report. Streamline RBR, Inc. Retrieved January 31, 2018.
0Wilner, Barry (January 31, 2018). "Fox Gets Thursday Football For Five Years". Associated Press – via TVNewsCheck.
0James, Meg (February 1, 2018). "CBS and Viacom may come together again". Los Angeles Times. Tronc. Retrieved February 2, 2018.
0"Dispute leads DISH to block NBC in area". The Daily Progress. BH Media. February 1, 2018. Retrieved February 4, 2018.
0"Super Bowl to be shown; DISH reaches deal with NBC2 owner Waterman". Naples Daily News. February 3, 2018. Retrieved February 5, 2018.
0Miller, Mark K. (February 3, 2018). "KAZT Phoenix Goes Dark On Dish Network". TVNewsCheck. Retrieved February 5, 2018.
0Swenson, Kyle (February 7, 2018). "Natalee Holloway's mother is suing over a TV series about her daughter's 2005 disappearance". The Washington Post. Nash Holdings, LLC.
0"Oxygen Media defends series about missing teen case". Associated Press. February 7, 2018 – via TVNewsCheck.
0"Natalee Holloway's Mother Hits Oxygen Media With $35 Million Lawsuit Over Documentary". Investigation Discovery Crime Feed. Discovery Communications. February 6, 2018.
0“Amid "Fake News" Debate, YouTube Will Now Label State-Sponsored Videos” from The Hollywood Reporter (February 3, 2018)
0Swann, Phillip (February 3, 2018). "Charter Loses 11 Network Affiliates In Fee Fight". TVAnswerMan. Retrieved February 5, 2018.
0Nordyke, Kimberly (February 4, 2018). "Super Bowl: NBC Attributes Brief Blackout to "Equipment Failure"". The Hollywood Reporter. Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. Retrieved February 5, 2018.
0Brian Stelter (February 4, 2018). "NBC blames 'equipment failure' for brief blackout during Super Bowl". CNNMoney. Turner Broadcasting System/Time Warner. Retrieved February 5, 2018.
0Rossi, Rosemary; Phil Owen (February 5, 2018). "Prince's Image Used During Super Bowl Halftime Show – But No Hologram". TheWrap.
0Hatchett, Keisha (February 5, 2018). "Justin Timberlake Tries to Explain That Controversial Prince Tribute at the Super Bowl". TV Guide.
0Lynch, John (February 5, 2018). "After fan backlash, Justin Timberlake explained his decision to perform with a projection of Prince at the Super Bowl". Business Insider. Axel Springer SE.
0Bauder, David (February 6, 2018). "Nielsen Says 103.4M Watched The Super Bowl". Associated Press – via TVNewsCheck.
0Patten, Dominic (February 5, 2018). "Eagles' 1st Super Bowl Win Draws 103.4M Viewers, Smallest Audience In Nine Years – Update". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved February 6, 2018.
0Hibberd, James (February 5, 2018). "This Is Us scores TV's biggest post-Super Bowl rating in 6 years". Entertainment Weekly.
0Porter, Rick (February 5, 2018). "TV Ratings Sunday: Early Super Bowl LII numbers off slightly, still massive; 'This Is Us' scores big". TV by the Numbers. Gracenote.
0Super Bowl pickup truck ad outrages viewers by using MLK speech from Entertainment Weekly (February 4, 2018)
0Super Bowl Ad Review: Why Madison Avenue Chose Pop Over Politics from Variety (February 4, 2018)
0Martin Luther King Jr. sermon used in a Ram Trucks Super Bowl commercial draws backlash from The Washington Post (February 4, 2018)
0"LeSea Sells NOLA Indie, 2 LPTVs for $5.7M". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. February 5, 2018.
0Mark K. Miller (April 25, 2018). "Christian TV Network Closes On $5.7M TV Buy". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media.
0"SUNY Geneseo employee, daughter won $1.4 million on NBC's "The Wall"". WHEC-TV. February 5, 2018. Retrieved April 12, 2018.
0"Tahera's Journey: Making history and breaking barriers". WHBF-TV. February 9, 2018.
0Kilkenny, Katie (February 13, 2018). "Tahera Rahman Becomes First Full-Time TV Reporter to Wear Hijab". The Hollywood Reporter. Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. Retrieved February 14, 2018.
0"Olympics on NBC through 2032". USA Today. May 7, 2014.
0"2018 Winter Olympic Games listings" (Press release). NBCUniversal. January 22, 2018. Retrieved January 25, 2018 – via WAND-TV.
0Best, Neil (February 5, 2018). "Winter Olympics preview, TV information and fans' guide". Newsday.
0"Katie Couric Apologizes to Netherlands for Olympic Comment". The Hollywood Reporter. Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. Associated Press. February 13, 2018. Retrieved February 14, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (February 13, 2018). "Katie Couric Apologizes To Netherlands For Skating On Canals Comment During Opening Ceremony Of Winter Olympics". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved February 14, 2018.
0Abramson, Alana (February 14, 2018). "The Netherlands Is Dominating Olympic Speed Skating. But Don't Say It's Because of the Canals". Time.
0Boren, Cindy (February 11, 2018). "NBC's Katie Couric is in hot water with the Dutch, who really don't skate everywhere". The Washington Post. Nash Holdings LLC. Retrieved February 14, 2018.
0"Olympics broadcaster Katie Couric mocked for saying the reason the Dutch are good at speed skating is because they 'skate from place to place on their frozen canals'". Daily Mail. February 13, 2018. Retrieved February 14, 2018.
0Mark K. Miller (February 11, 2018). "Gray Creating Fargo Duopoly With KCPM Buy". TVNewsCheck.
0"KVLY & Gray Television unveil plan to purchase second full-power television station". KVLY-TV/KXJB-LD. Gray Television. February 9, 2018. Retrieved February 12, 2018.
0"Station Trading Roundup: 2 Sales, $315,000". TVNewsCheck. February 13, 2018. Retrieved February 14, 2018.
0"YouTube drops ads from Logan Paul channels". BBC News. 9 February 2018.
0Vincent, James (February 9, 2018). "YouTube suspends Logan Paul's ad revenue, blames 'recent pattern of behavior'". The Verge.
0"NBC apologizes to Korean people after correspondent's 'ignorant, 'insensitive' comment". MSN. Retrieved 2018-02-11.
0David K. Li (February 12, 2018). "NBC fires Olympic analyst after comments infuriate South Korea". MarketWatch.
0Trump’s Budget Again Proposes Elimination of Public TV, Arts Funding from Variety (February 12, 2018)
0Public broadcasting chief decries proposed Trump budget cuts from The Hill (February 12, 2018)
0McGlone, Peggy (23 March 2018). "Trump wanted to cut arts funding. Instead, the spending bill he signed gives it a boost". The Washington Post. Retrieved 7 April 2018.
0Gray, Roger (February 12, 2018). "Casper's Channel 13 to Purchase CBS Affiliate KGWC". KTWO. Retrieved February 13, 2018.
0"Application for Consent to Assignment of Broadcast Station Construction Permit or License". CDBS Public Access. Federal Communications Commission. Retrieved February 13, 2018.
0Eley, Amy (February 6, 2018). "Here's how you can watch a taping of KLG and guest co-host Jenna Bush Hager!". Today. NBC News. Retrieved February 25, 2018.
0Michael P. Hill (February 12, 2018). "Movin' on up: Fourth hour of 'Today' moves to 6A during Olympics". NewsCastStudio. HD Media Ventures LLC. Retrieved February 25, 2018.
0Schosick, Scott (February 13, 2018). "ESPN's Web Service Gains Exclusive Pro Soccer Rights". Bloomberg News. Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved February 14, 2018.
0"MLS to move its streaming service to ESPN+ this year". ESPN. February 13, 2018. Retrieved February 14, 2018.
0Morton, Aaron (February 13, 2018). "KSL to stream nearly all Real Salt Lake, Utah Royals and Monarchs games". Deseret News. Retrieved February 14, 2018.
0Scott D. Pierce (February 13, 2018). "Real Salt Lake sells local streaming rights to KSL". The Salt Lake Tribune. Huntsman Family Investments, LLC. Retrieved February 14, 2018.
0Ariens, Chris (February 13, 2018). "KSL and Real Salt Lake Strike OTT Deal". TVSpy. Beringer Capital. Retrieved February 14, 2018.
0Mark K. Miller (February 13, 2018). "KSL In Local Professional Soccer OTT Deal". TVNewsCheck. Retrieved February 14, 2018.
0"How $1 million in medical debt was forgiven in Washington by KIRO 7, Jesse Jones". KIRO-TV. February 13, 2018. Retrieved February 17, 2018.
0Tompkins, Al (February 14, 2018). "TV station buys $1 million in medical debt forgiveness for viewers". Poynter.org. Poynter Institute. Retrieved February 17, 2018.
0Savransky, Rebecca (February 14, 2018). "TV station in Seattle buys $1M worth of debt viewers owe to medical providers". The Hill. Capitol Hill Publishing Corp. Retrieved February 17, 2018.
0Hill, Craig (February 15, 2018). "They had $3.3 million in doctors bills. A Jesse Jones effort gave them relief". The News-Tribune. Retrieved February 17, 2018.
0Jeffrey Tambor Officially Dropped From 'Transparent' in Wake of Harassment Claims The Hollywood Reporter, February 15, 2018
0Haring, Bruce (February 17, 2018). "Laura Ingraham Invites LeBron James To Fox News Over 'Shut Up And Dribble' Comments". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved February 17, 2018.
0"LeBron James has no plans to 'shut up and dribble'". ESPN. February 17, 2018. Retrieved February 17, 2018.
0"Los Angeles To Host NBA All-Star 2018". National Basketball Association. March 22, 2016. Retrieved March 22, 2016.
0"No more East vs. West as NBA revamps All-Star Game format". National Basketball Association. October 3, 2017. Retrieved October 3, 2017.
0“Controversy erupts over Fergie's national anthem at All-Star Game” from ESPN (February 18, 2018)
0Boren, Cindy (February 19, 2018). "Where does Fergie's national anthem rank? Right near the worst of the worst". The Washington Post. Retrieved February 19, 2018.
0Beacham, Creg (February 19, 2018). "Fergie's NBA All-Star Game national anthem confuses, amuses". Chicago Tribune. Associated Press. Retrieved February 19, 2018.
0Andrew, Joseph (February 18, 2018). "Draymond Green laughed at Fergie's bizarre anthem performance". USA Today. Retrieved February 19, 2018.
0"Fergie's 'sexy' NBA All-Star anthem rendition leaves America chuckling". The Guardian. February 19, 2018. Retrieved February 19, 2018.
0McCarthy, Tyler (February 19, 2018). "Fergie admits national anthem performance was kind of a mess". Fox News Channel. Retrieved February 19, 2018.
0“Wendy Williams Shares Graves' Disease Diagnosis, Will Take Hiatus From Show” from TV Line (February 22, 2018)
0Melas, Chloe (February 22, 2018). "NRA uses GIF of Leslie Knope in pro-gun tweet -- and Amy Poehler is not here for it". CNN. Retrieved February 22, 2018.
0"21st Century Fox Finalizing Deal With Sinclair to Acquire Six TV Stations (EXCLUSIVE)". Variety. Penske Media Corporation. February 22, 2018.
0"Sinclair Unveils Tribune Merger Spin-Off Plan". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. February 20, 2018.
0"AMENDMENT TO JUNE COMPREHENSIVE EXHIBIT". Federal Communications Commission. February 21, 2018. Retrieved February 26, 2018.
0"What is CBS SPORTS HQ? Your guide to our new 24/7 streaming sports news network". CBS Sports. CBS Interactive. February 26, 2018.
0Locklear, Mallory (February 26, 2018). "CBS launches 24/7 sports streaming network for news and analysis". Engadget. Oath Inc. Retrieved February 28, 2018.
0Steinberg, Brian (February 26, 2018). "CBS Launches Streaming Sports-News Outlet CBS Sports HQ". Variety. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved February 28, 2018.
0“FOX NEWS' SEAN HANNITY, TUCKER CARLSON ADMIT CNN WAS FALSELY ACCUSED OF SCRIPTING PARKLAND TOWN HALL” from Newsweek (February 27, 2018)
0“Jeff Franklin Ousted From 'Fuller House' Amidst Behavior Complaints” from The Hollywood Reporter (February 28, 2018)
0Petski, Denise (March 12, 2018). "'Fuller House' Taps Steve Baldikoski & Bryan Behar As New Showrunners". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved March 12, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (January 3, 2018). "'Scandal'/'How To Get Away With Murder' Crossover: Get Details On Big Shondaland Event From 'HTGAWM' Creator – Q&A". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved March 22, 2018.
0Goldberg, Lesley (February 8, 2018). "ABC's "TGIT Crossover": All the Details (So Far)". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved March 22, 2018.
0Desk, TV News (March 2, 2018). "ABC's TGIT Crossover Event Ranks No. 1 as HOW TO GET AWAY WITH MURDER Spikes to Season Highs". Broadway World. Retrieved March 22, 2018.
0Hipes, Patrick (April 4, 2017). "Oscars Dates Set For 2018 And Beyond". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved April 5, 2017.
0Thompson, Anne (May 16, 2017). "Jimmy Kimmel Returning to Host the 2018 Oscars". Collider. Retrieved May 17, 2017.
0"Six new rules to help avoid another Academy Awards ceremony envelope gaffe". ITV News. 26 February 2018. Retrieved 28 February 2018.
0‘Shape of Water’ triumphs at an Oscars awash in change CNBC, March 5, 2018
0Oscars 2018: US TV audience smallest for awards ceremony BBC, March 5, 2018
0Long, S.T. (March 7, 2018). "'The Bachelor': Arie Luyendyk Jr. Tries to Justify Ending Engagement on Camera". Moviefone. Yahoo!. Retrieved March 7, 2018.
0Woo, Kelly (March 7, 2018). "Becca Kufrin Named 'The Bachelorette,' Arie and Lauren Get Engaged". Moviefone. Oath Inc. Retrieved March 7, 2018.
0Holloway, Daniel (March 9, 2018). "ABC Shelved 'Black-ish' Political Episode Over 'Creative Differences' (EXCLUSIVE)". Variety. Retrieved March 10, 2018.
0"Sean McDonough out as Monday Night Football voice". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved 2018-03-10.
0"Joe Tessitore to replace Sean McDonough as 'Monday Night Football' play-by-play man". Retrieved 2018-03-10.
0Hille, Bob (May 10, 2018). "New 'Monday Night Football' broadcast team made official". Sporting News. Retrieved May 16, 2018.
0DeVos struggles to answer basic questions about schools in her home state CNN, March 12, 2018
0Scientology Network will make TV debut Monday, the church says USA Today, March 11, 2018
0Family of slain DNC staffer sues Fox News over retracted story ABC News, March 13, 2018
0“Atlanta Newscasters Pay Tribute to Craig Mack During Broadcast” from Billboard (March 15, 2018)
0“Why WSB’s Morning Anchors Rapped Their Way Through Today’s Show” from Adweek (March 14, 2018)
0“ATLANTA NEWS ANCHORS PAY TRIBUTE TO CRAIG MACK DURING BROADCAST” from XXL (Townsquare Media) (March 13, 2018)
0“Joy Behar Publicly Apologizes For Disparaging Mike Pence’s Christian Faith” from Huffington Post (March 14, 2018)
0“YouTube Responds to Conspiracy-Videos Controversy With Plan to Link to Wikipedia” from Variety (March 14, 2018)
0"The @Wikimedia Foundation statement about the recent @YouTube announcement" (Press release). Twitter. 14 March 2018. Retrieved 17 March 2018.[non-primary source needed]
0“Trump plans to name Larry Kudlow his top economic advisor, replacing Gary Cohn: Sources” from CNBC (March 14, 2018)
0Salisbury, Ian (March 13, 2018). "5 Times Trump's Favorite Economic Advisor Has Been Spectacularly Wrong About the Economy". Time. Meredith Corporation. Retrieved March 21, 2018.
0“MTV Expanding 'TRL' Franchise to Add Late-Night and Morning Editions” from the Hollywood Reporter (March 14, 2018)
0Desta, Yohana. "Viacom Networks Are Going Dark to Support National School Walkout". HWD. Retrieved 2018-03-14.
0"A Fox News contributor quit the network, calling it a 'propaganda machine for a destructive and ethically ruinous administration'". Business Insider. Retrieved 2018-03-20.
0"YouTube Bans More Firearms Videos Amid Gun Debate". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 2018-03-21.
0Albiniak, Paige (March 22, 2018). "Byron Allen Acquires The Weather Group in $300 Million Deal". Broadcasting & Cable.
0Palmieri, Christopher (March 22, 2018). "Comedian Byron Allen Buys the Weather Channel for $300 Million". Bloomberg News. Bloomberg LLC. Retrieved March 22, 2018.
0ABC Correspondent Reveals He's HIV-Positive The Hollywood Reporter, March 24, 2018
0Stelter, Brian (March 16, 2018). "Stormy Daniels interview on '60 Minutes' set for March 25". CNN. Retrieved March 18, 2018.
0Stelter, Brian (March 26, 2018). "Anderson Cooper's Stormy Daniels interview draws highest ratings for '60 Minutes' in 10 years". CNN. Retrieved March 26, 2018.
0Chavez, Chris (March 25, 2018). "Twitter Joked About Duke vs. Kansas Overtime Delaying 60 Minutes' Stormy Daniels Interview". Sports Illustrated. Retrieved March 26, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (March 26, 2018). "Nickelodeon Parts Ways With TV Series Producer Dan Schneider". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved March 27, 2018.
0Holloway, Daniel (March 26, 2018). "Nickelodeon Splits With Producer Dan Schneider". Variety. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved March 27, 2018.
0Feldman, Kate (March 26, 2018). "Nickelodeon ends decades-long relationship with creator Dan Schneider". Daily News. New York: Tronc. Retrieved March 27, 2018.
0Koblin, John (March 27, 2018). "Nickelodeon Parts Ways With Its Biggest Hitmaker". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. Retrieved March 28, 2018.
0"'Roseanne' comes roaring back with 18 million viewers". CNN. Turner Broadcasting System. March 28, 2018. Retrieved March 29, 2018.
0"Trump touts Roseanne Barr's ratings after successful series premiere". CNN. Turner Broadcasting System. March 29, 2018. Retrieved March 29, 2018.
0"'Roseanne' Revival Renewed For Season 2 By ABC, Comedy Series' 11th Overall". Deadline Hollywood. Penske Media. March 30, 2018. Retrieved March 30, 2018.
0“Heineken pulls 'Sometimes lighter is better' ad after racism claims” from CNN (March 27, 2018)
0“Trump hates Amazon, not Facebook” from Axios (March 28, 2018)
0“Trump administration: no plans to take action against Amazon” from USA Today (March 28, 2018)
0“Trump Attacks Amazon, Saying It Does Not Pay Enough Taxes” from New York Times (March 29, 2018)
0“Here's the controversial tax practice by Amazon that's got Trump so upset” from CNBC (March 29, 2018)
0“Facing boycott, Laura Ingraham apologizes for taunting Parkland teen over college rejections” from The Washington Post (March 29, 2018)
0“Advertisers – including TripAdvisor, Nestle and Wayfair – are dumping Laura Ingraham after she slammed Parkland survivor” from CNBC (March 29, 2018)
0Webb Mitovich, Matt (May 18, 2017). "Supernatural Meets Scooby-Doo? Jinkies, It's Happening!". TVLine. Retrieved September 21, 2017.
0“Supernatural: Sam, Dean, and Castiel meet the Mystery Gang in Scooby-Doo crossover” from Entertainment Weekly (March 8, 2018)
0The Disturbing Secret Behind An Iconic Cartoon BuzzFeed, March 29, 2018
0How America's Largest Local TV Owner Turned Its News Anchors Into Soldiers In Trump's War On The Media Deadspin, March 31, 2018
0“Sinclair Broadcasting Orders Local Anchors To Record Bizarre ‘Hostage’ Video” from Huffington Post (April 2, 2018)
0“Trump Defends Conservative Media Company After It Orders Anchors To Bash ‘Biased’ News” from Huffington Post (April 2, 2018)
0Kwong, Jessica (April 2, 2018). "DEMOCRATIC CONGRESSIONAL CANDIDATE PULLS CAMPAIGN ADS IN SINCLAIR BOYCOTT". Newsweek. Newsweek Media Group LLC. Retrieved April 4, 2018.
0Dino-Ray Ramos (April 1, 2018). "Sinclair Broadcast Group Dragged For Scripted "False News" Promos". Deadline Hollywood. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved April 4, 2018.
0Nyren, Erin (April 1, 2018). "Sinclair Broadcast Group Faces Backlash Over Scripted Promos: 'This Is Extremely Dangerous to Our Democracy'". Variety. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved April 4, 2018.
0Anapol, Avery (April 2, 2018). "Sinclair-owned TV station chooses not to air media bias promo". The Hill. Capitol Hill Publishing LLC. Retrieved April 4, 2018.
0Robb, David (April 4, 2018). "SAG-AFTRA Blasts Sinclair's Scripted "Fake News" Promos". Deadline Hollywood. Penske Media Corporation.
0Ember, Sydney (April 4, 2018). "Sinclair's Boss Responds to Criticism: 'You Can't Be Serious!'". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. Retrieved April 5, 2018.
0“Fox News host slams incorrect reports saying graphic showed network is least trusted” from The Washington Post (April 9, 2018)
0“Entravision Makes Massive Cuts Across The Country” from Radio Insight (April 9, 2018)
0Rice, Rachel (9 April 2018). "Jamie Allman loses Channel 30 show amid controversy over Tweet threatening student activist". St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Retrieved 10 April 2018.
0Gutierrez, Lisa (9 April 2018). "Missouri radio host who deleted 'ram a hot poker' David Hogg tweet resigns". The Kansas City Star. Retrieved 10 April 2018.
0Koblin, John (April 3, 2018). "Cardi B to Co-Host 'The Tonight Show' With Jimmy Fallon on Monday". nytimes.com. The New York Times. Retrieved April 11, 2018.
0Bradley, Laura (April 10, 2018). "Cardi B's Tonight Show Co-Hosting Gig Was a Stroke of Brilliance". Vanity Fair. Retrieved April 11, 2018.
0Lisa Respers France (April 10, 2018). "Cardi B's baby gift from Jimmy Fallon". CNN. Retrieved April 11, 2018.
0"Kevin Hart (co-host), Robert Irwin".
0"Exclusive: James Comey to give first interview to ABC News' George Stephanopoulos - ABC News". Abcnews.go.com. March 4, 2018. Retrieved March 17, 2018.
0Nyren, Erin (2018-03-07). "James Comey to Appear on 'Late Show With Stephen Colbert' – Variety". Variety. Retrieved March 17, 2018.
0Cole, Devan (March 20, 2018). "CNN's Jake Tapper to interview James Comey - CNNPolitics". Cnn.com. Retrieved April 12, 2018.
0Cole, Devan (March 28, 2018). "CNN's Anderson Cooper to interview James Comey in town hall - CNNPolitics". Cnn.com. Retrieved April 12, 2018.
0"Tornado sideswipes a North Carolina TV station just as it goes on the air". The Washington Post. Nash Holdings LLC. April 16, 2018.
0Wilson, Carl (April 19, 2018). "No flipping (out): In the dark and in danger, WFMY deals with drama during tornado". (Greensboro) News & Record. BH Media. Retrieved April 23, 2018.
0“Trump lawyer Cohen did secret legal work for Sean Hannity, attorney says” from Politico (April 16, 2018)
0Parents Of Children Who Were Killed In Sandy Hook Are Suing Alex Jones Over His Conspiracy Theories BuzzFeed News, April 17, 2018
0"Application for Consent to Assignment of Broadcast Station Construction Permit or License". CDBS Public Access. Federal Communications Commission. April 17, 2018. Retrieved April 25, 2018.
0"Station Trading Roundup: 1 Sale, $225,000". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. April 24, 2018. Retrieved April 25, 2018.
0Keegan, Harrison; Giacomo Bologna (April 19, 2018). "1,980-foot TV tower collapse in Webster County; 1 dead, several injured, officials say". Springfield News-Leader. Gannett Company.
0Lin, Frances (April 20, 2018). "Following Tower Collapse: KOZK Restores Some Service". KOLR/KOZL-TV. Nexstar Media Group. Retrieved April 23, 2018.
0Eggerton, John (April 19, 2018). "Missouri TV Tower Collapses". Broadcasting & Cable. NewBay Media. Retrieved April 23, 2018.
0Johnson, Fawn (March 25, 2018). "Fair Play: Forget Merger Review. Sinclair, Tribune Deal Hinges on Who's in Power". Bloomberg News. Bloomberg LLC. Retrieved March 27, 2018.
0“Warner Bros. Taps DramaFever Co-Founders as Head of Korean TV Dramas” from The Hollywood Reporter (April 23, 2018)
0Harry A. Jessell (April 24, 2018). "Sinclair Spins Off 23 TVs To Grease Trib Deal". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. Retrieved April 25, 2018.
0Littleton, Cynthia (April 24, 2018). "Sinclair Revises Station Divestiture Plan Following Pushback From Regulators". Variety. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved April 25, 2018.
0"Sinclair Enters Into Agreements to Sell TV Stations Related to Closing Tribune Media Acquisition" (PDF) (Press release). Sinclair Broadcast Group. April 24, 2018. Retrieved April 25, 2018.
0"Station Trading Roundup: 7 Deals, $571.7M". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. May 1, 2018. Retrieved May 2, 2018.
0‘Double Dare’ Game Show Revival Set On Nickelodeon Deadline Hollywood, April April 25, 2018
0"DOUBLE DARE RETURNS TO NICKELODEON BEGINNING MONDAY, JUNE 25, AT 8:00 P.M. (ET/PT)". NickPress. May 22, 2018.
0Tom Brokaw Accused of Sexual Harassment By Former NBC Anchor Variety, April 26, 2018
0Bill Cosby retrial verdict: Guilty on all 3 counts of aggravated indecent assault USA Today, April 26, 2018
0"Bounce Pulls 'The Cosby Show' In Light Of Bill Cosby Verdict". Multichannel News.
0"NFL expanding television coverage for 2018 NFL Draft". National Football League. March 21, 2018. Retrieved March 21, 2018.
0Draper, Kevin (14 February 2018). "Fox to Broadcast N.F.L. Draft for First Time". The New York Times. Retrieved 14 February 2018.
0Bronson, Fred (April 23, 2018). "'American Idol' makes radical change for how to view and vote". Billboard. Retrieved April 26, 2018 – via AOL.
0"'Simpsons' to surpass 'Gunsmoke' with 636th episode Sunday night". Fox News. 2018-04-29. Retrieved 2018-05-30.
0"The Simpsons surpasses Gunsmoke to become the longest-running scripted prime-time TV series". National Post. 2018-04-30. Retrieved 2018-05-30.
0Porter, Rick (November 4, 2016). "'The Simpsons' is forever: Series renewed through Season 30 on FOX". TV by the Numbers. Retrieved April 26, 2018.
0Ramos, Dino-Ray (April 29, 2018). "Daytime Emmy Awards Complete Winners List: 'Days Of Our Lives', 'The Talk', 'GMA' Among Honorees". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 3, 2018.
0Maloney, Michael (April 30, 2018). "Daytime Emmy Awards 2018: All the Biggest Moments". Variety. Retrieved May 3, 2018.
0Jacobson, Adam (April 30, 2018). "Gray: At Liberty To Expand In Virginia". Radio-Television Business Report. Streamline-RBR, Inc. Retrieved May 2, 2018.
0"Hasbro to Acquire Saban Brands' Power Rangers and Other Entertainment Assets". BusinessWire. May 2018. Retrieved 1 May 2018.
0Whyte, Alexandra (15 February 2018). "Nickelodeon extends Power Rangers pact through 2021". Kidscreen. Retrieved 3 May 2018.
0“KANYE WEST Stirs Up TMZ Newsroom OVER TRUMP, SLAVERY, FREE THOUGHT” from TMZ (May 1, 2018)
0“Kanye West's thoughts on slavery: 'That sounds like a choice'” from Entertainment Weekly (May 1, 2018)
0Mark K. Miller (May 1, 2018). "Gray Buying KDLT Sioux Falls For $32.5M". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. Retrieved May 2, 2018.
0Swann, Phillip (May 2, 2018). "PlayStation Vue Pulls Sinclair-Owned Local Channels". TV Answer Man.
0Bouma, Luke (April 30, 2018). "PlayStation Vue is Losing All Sinclair Owned ABC, CBS, FOX, & NBC, Locals Tomorrow". Cord Cutters News. Retrieved May 2, 2018.
0"Sinclair Broadcast Group Removed From Sony Vue Platforms" (Press release). PRNewswire. 2 May 2018. Retrieved 4 May 2018.
0Lisa de Moraes (May 3, 2018). "Conan O'Brien's TBS Late Night Show Shifts To 30-Minute Format In 2019". Deadline Hollywood.
0McGough, Michael (May 4, 2018). "Bay Area sports anchor who admitted to taking a Warriors employee's jacket resigns". The Sacramento Bee.
0“SNL pulls out all the stops for cold open: Stormy Daniels, ScarJo, Jimmy Fallon” from Entertainment Weekly (May 5, 2018)
0Ausiello, Michael (May 13, 2018). "Lethal Weapon: Seann William Scott Replaces Clayne Crawford, Clearing the Way for Season 3 Renewal at Fox". TVLine. Retrieved May 13, 2018.
0Ausiello, Michael (May 8, 2018). "Clayne Crawford Out at Lethal Weapon, Last-Minute Recasting Underway Ahead of Potential Season 3". TVLine.
0Andreeva, Nellie (April 23, 2018). "'Lethal Weapon's Fox Renewal On The Line Over Co-Lead Clayne Crawford's Behavior". Deadline Hollywood.
0"21st Century Fox Buys Seven Local TV Stations From Sinclair For $910 Million". Deadline Hollywood. Penske Media Corporation. May 9, 2018.
0Mark K. Miller (May 9, 2018). "Fox Buying 7 Sinclair Spinoffs For $910M". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media.
0Andreeva, Nellie (May 10, 2018). "'Rick And Morty' Gets Massive 70-Episode Renewal By Adult Swim; Creators Dan Harmon & Justin Roiland Ink New Deal". Deadline Hollywood.
0Schwartz, Ryan (May 10, 2018). "Brooklyn Nine-Nine Cancelled at Fox". TVLine. Retrieved May 18, 2018.
0Nemetz, Dave (May 11, 2018). "Brooklyn Nine-Nine Rescued by NBC (!), Renewed for 13-Episode Season 6". TVLine. Retrieved May 18, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (May 17, 2018). "Brad Kern Steps Down As 'NCIS: New Orleans' Showrunner After Misconduct Investigations; Chris Silber Replaces Him". Deadline Hollywood.
0Davis, Charles (May 17, 2018). "MTV Suspends 'Catfish' in Light of Sexual-Misconduct Claims". The Daily Beast.
0Guglielmi, Jodi (June 25, 2018). "MTV Resumes Production on Catfish, Calls Nev Schulman Sexual Misconduct Claim 'Not Credible'". People. Retrieved June 30, 2018.
0Boyle, Danny; Davies, Gareth; Crilly, Rob (2018-05-19). "Royal wedding live: Prince Harry and Meghan Markle party into night with fireworks over Windsor - latest news". The Telegraph. Retrieved May 20, 2018.
0"Royal Wedding Ratings: How Many Watched Harry-Meghan vs. William-Kate vs. Charles-Diana?". Heavy. 2018-05-19. Retrieved May 20, 2018.
0"TV Ratings: 22.4 Million U.S. Viewers RSVP to Royal Wedding". Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved May 20, 2018.
0"29 million people in US tuned into the royal wedding". CNN. Retrieved May 21, 2018.
0“Food Network ‘Ginormous Food’ Host Josh Denny Stirs The Pot Via Twitter” from Deadline (May 19, 2018)
0Atkinson, Katie (January 16, 2018). "Billboard Music Awards 2018 Date Announced". Billboard. Billboard-Hollywood Media Group. Retrieved March 23, 2018.
0Fremont, Maggie (May 21, 2018). "Dancing With the Stars: Athletes finale recap: Who took home the Mirrorball trophy?". Entertainment Weekly. Time Inc. (Meredith Corporation).
0Wood, Mikael (May 21, 2018). "The Billboard Music Awards had something to say — and actually said it". Los Angeles Times. Tronc. Retrieved May 22, 2018.
0Ronda Racha Penrice (May 21, 2018). "Janet Jackson's Billboard Music Icon Award is a career-affirming moment for an underrated superstar". NBC News. NBCUniversal News Group. Retrieved May 22, 2018.
0"Ed Sheeran Wins Top Artist at 2018 Billboard Music Awards; Complete Winners List". Variety. Penske Media Corporation. May 20, 2018. Retrieved May 22, 2018.
0MacDonald, Lindsay (May 21, 2018). "Dancing with the Stars: Athletes: And the Season 26 Winner Is…". TV Guide. CBS Interactive. Retrieved May 22, 2018.
0Feldman, Kate (May 22, 2018). "'Dancing with the Stars' crowns its new champion". New York Daily News. Tronc.
0Emery, Debbie (May 21, 2018). "'Dancing With the Stars: Athletes' Crowns Its First Champion". The Wrap. Retrieved May 22, 2018.
0Barnes, Katie (May 22, 2018). "Adam Rippon wins 'Dancing with the Stars Athletes'". ESPNW.com. ESPN Inc.
0de Moraes, Lisa (May 22, 2018). "'American Idol' And 'Dancing With The Stars' Wrap With Tuesday's Top Ratings". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 29, 2018.
0Mathews, Liam (May 22, 2018). "Meet Your New American Idol Winner". TV Guide. CBS Interactive. Retrieved May 22, 2018.
0Lisa Respers France (May 22, 2018). "'American Idol' crowns winner -- with a twist". CNN. Time Warner.
0Nolfi, Joey (May 22, 2018). "Jimmy Kimmel reunites American Idol stars William Hung, Chewbacca Girl, more for hilarious song". Entertainment Weekly. Time Inc. (Meredith Corporation).
0Michele Amabile Angermiller (May 21, 2018). "And the 'American Idol' Winner Is…". Variety. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved May 22, 2018.
0Kennell, Tiana (May 22, 2018). "Miss USA pageant: Miss Nebraska Sarah Rose Summers wins the crown". The Times (Shreveport). Gannett Company. Retrieved May 22, 2018 – via USA Today.
0"Papillion native Sarah Rose Summers is Miss USA". KETV. Hearst Television. May 21, 2018. Retrieved May 22, 2018.
0"Miss Nebraska Beats 50 Competitors to be Crowned Miss USA". Time. Time Inc. (Meredith Corporation). Associated Press. May 21, 2018. Retrieved May 22, 2018.
0"ESPN Adds Fights to UFC TV Rights Deal, Reaching $1.5 Billion Value (EXCLUSIVE)". Variety. Penske Media Corporation. May 22, 2018. Retrieved May 23, 2018.
0"ESPN to broadcast 30 UFC events per year during 5-year deal". ESPN. ESPN Inc. May 23, 2018. Retrieved May 23, 2018.
0"ESPN brokers deal for UFC broadcast rights currently owned by FOX". MMA Fighting. May 23, 2018.
0"UFC to stream 15 events, more on ESPN+ starting next year". MMA Fighting. May 8, 2018. Retrieved May 23, 2018.
0Matt Webb Mitovich (May 22, 2018). "Once Upon a Time Creators to Spin Spielberg's Amazing Stories for Apple". TVLine.
0“Nielsen Adding YouTubeTV To Local Audience Ratings” from B&C (May 22, 2018)
0Lipp, Linda (May 23, 2018). "WPTA owner gets WISE". Greater Fort Wayne Business Weekly. Retrieved May 30, 2018.
0Jacobson, Adam (May 22, 2018). "A CW Affiliate Trades Hands … And Goes Dark On DISH". Radio-Television Business Report. Streamline-RBR, Inc. Retrieved May 30, 2018.
0Jacobson, Adam (May 22, 2018). "Quincy Also Seeks A Duopoly In Indiana". Radio-Television Business Report. Streamline-RBR, Inc. Retrieved May 30, 2018.
0"Station Trading Roundup: 2 Deals, $1.7M". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. May 29, 2018. Retrieved May 30, 2018.
0Frasier, Krystal (May 22, 2018). "PROGRAMMING NOTE: No agreement reached in CW, DISH contract". KBJR-TV. Quincy Media. Retrieved May 30, 2018.
0Iannucci, Rebecca (May 23, 2018). "The Chew Cancelled After 7 Seasons, GMA to Expand to Third Hour". TVLine.
0Debra Lee Steps Down as Chairman & CEO Of BET Networks Deadline Hollywood, May 24, 2018
0"‘Happytime Murders’ Lawsuit: Judge Kicks ‘Sesame Street’ Bosses’ Grouchy Case To The Curb – Update" Deadline Hollywood, May 30, 2018
0"IndyCar Keeps Races Together, Signs Three-Year Deal With NBC, NBCSN," from Sports Business Daily, 3/21/2018 (accessed 3/22/2018)
0Steinberg, Dan (May 27, 2018). "Will Power wins Indianapolis 500; Danica Patrick crashes in final race". The Washington Post. Retrieved May 30, 2018.
0"WYFF News 4 anchor, photojournalist tragically die when tree falls on SUV". WYFF. Hearst Television. 28 May 2018. Retrieved 29 May 2018.
0"TV anchor, photojournalist killed when tree falls on vehicle". The News & Observer. Associated Press. May 28, 2018. Retrieved May 29, 2018.
0Hatchett, Keisha (May 29, 2018). "Hollywood Reacts to Roseanne Cancellation". TV Guide. CBS Interactive. Retrieved May 30, 2018.
0Roots, Kimberly (May 29, 2018). "ABC Suspending Emmy Campaign for Now-Cancelled Roseanne's Season 10". TVLine. Penske Media Corporation.
0Petski, Denise (May 29, 2018). "'Roseanne' To Be Pulled From Viacom Cable Networks As Of Tomorrow". Deadline Hollywood. Penske Media Corporation.
0Roots, Kimberly (May 29, 2018). "Wanda Sykes Leaving Roseanne as season 11 writer". TVLine. Penske Media Corporation.
0Levine, Jon (May 31, 2018). "White House Condemns 'Vile and Vicious' Samantha Bee, Calls on Time Warner, TBS to Act". TheWrap. Retrieved May 31, 2018.
0Vasquez, Megan (May 31, 2018). "Comedian Samantha Bee calls Ivanka Trump a 'feckless c***'". CNN. Retrieved May 31, 2018.
0Ausiello, Michael (May 31, 2018). "Samantha Bee Apologizes to Ivanka Trump in Wake of C-Word Backlash: 'I Crossed a Line and I Deeply Regret It'". TVLine. Retrieved May 31, 2018.
0Zimmerman, Amy (May 31, 2018). "Megyn Kelly: Samantha Bee and Roseanne Barr Do Not Warrant the Same Punishment". The Daily Beast. IAC. Retrieved June 1, 2018.
0Meyer, David (May 31, 2018). "Advertisers Are Boycotting 'Full Frontal' After Samantha Bee's Obscene Ivanka Trump Insult". Fortune. Time Inc. Retrieved June 1, 2018.
0Fletcher, Bevin (June 1, 2018). "Cheddar Acquires MTV Networks on Campus from Viacom". CED Magazine. Retrieved 10 June 2018.
0Mullin, Benjamin (May 31, 2018). "Streaming Service Cheddar Targets College Students After Acquiring MTV Campus Distribution Network". The Wall Street Journal. Retrieved 10 June 2018.
0Bouma, Luke (May 31, 2018). "Viacom is selling MTV Campus Networks to Cheddar". Cord Cutters. Retrieved 10 June 2018.
0Petski, Denise (June 1, 2018). "'Home & Family' Co-Host Mark Steines Is Out At Hallmark Channel". Deadline Hollywood.
0Maddaus, Gene (20 September 2018). "Hallmark Channel Host Says He Was Fired For Backing Harassment Claims". Variety. Retrieved 23 September 2018.
0"Miss America is scrapping its swimsuit competition, will no longer judge based on physical appearance". ABC News. June 5, 2018. Retrieved June 7, 2018.
0Haag, Mathtew, et. al. (5 June 2018). "Miss America Ends Swimsuit Competition, Aiming to Evolve in 'This Cultural Revolution'". New York Times. Retrieved 7 June 2018.
0Wynne, Kelly (July 8, 2018). "GRETCHEN CARLSON OUT AT MISS AMERICA? MEMBERS CALL FOR RESIGNATION AFTER SWIMSUIT COMPETITION CANCELLATION". Newsweek. Time Inc./Meredith Corporation. Retrieved July 9, 2018.
0Mark K. Miller (July 9, 2018). "Miss America Split Over Leadership, Direction". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. Associated Press.
0Carroll, Lauren (July 8, 2018). "Split developing in Miss America Organization over new leadership". Press of Atlantic City. BH Media Group. Retrieved July 9, 2018.
0Kludt, Tom (June 5, 2018). "Fox News ripped for misleading photos of Philadelphia Eagles players kneeling". CNN Media.
0Andreeva, Nellie (June 7, 2018). "Greg Berlanti Inks Mega $300+ Million New Overall Deal To Stay At Warner Bros. TV Through 2024". Deadline Hollywood.
0James O'Brien (June 7, 2018). "Capitals end DC championship drought with first Stanley Cup win". Yahoo! Sports.
0CNN's Anthony Bourdain dead at 61 CNN, June 8, 2018
0Hughes, William (June 8, 2018). "CNN and Travel Channel are both devoting this weekend to Anthony Bourdain". The A.V. Club.
0Lisa Respers France (June 13, 2018). "Netflix to continue streaming Bourdain's 'Parts Unknown' after fan outcry". CNN. Time Warner.
0"NBA, YouTube TV announce first-ever partnership for 2018 Finals". USA Today. March 26, 2018.
0Roots, Kimberly (June 8, 2018). "Quantico Star Priyanka Chopra, ABC Apologize for Indian Terrorist Plot". TVLine. Retrieved June 18, 2018.
0Paulson, Michael (June 10, 2018). "Tony Awards 2018: 'The Band's Visit' and 'Harry Potter' Prevail". New York Times. Retrieved June 11, 2018.
0Quinn, Dave (February 24, 2018). "Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Are Facing Off Against the KarJenners on Celebrity Family Feud". People. Retrieved June 14, 2018.
0Lisa Respers France (May 25, 2018). "It's Kardashians vs. Wests on 'Family Feud'". CNN. Retrieved June 14, 2018.
0McCarthy, Tyler (June 10, 2018). "'Celebrity Family Feud' put the Kardashians and Wests against each other and things got heated". Fox News. Retrieved June 14, 2018.
0Schnurr, Samantha (June 11, 2018). "5 Highlights From the Kardashians' Celebrity Family Feud Episode: Sexy Time, a Sisterly Spat and Stripped-Down Donald Trump". E! Online. Comcast. Retrieved June 14, 2018.
0"Ion Makes Deal To Buy Four Trinity 'Zombies'". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. June 12, 2018. Retrieved June 12, 2018.
0Jacobson, Adam (June 11, 2018). "It's Official: TBN Ionizes Four Midwest CSAs". Radio-Television Business Report. Streamline-RBR, Inc.
0"Station Trading Roundup: 2 Deals, $10.7M". TVNewsCheck. 19 June 2018. Retrieved 20 June 2018.
0U.S. Judge Approves AT&T's $85 Billion Merger With Time Warner NPR, June 12, 2018
0Comcast makes $65 billion offer to steal 21st Century Fox away from Disney The Verge, June 13, 2018
021st Century Fox Agrees to Higher Offer From Disney The Wall Street Journal, June 20, 2018
0Liana B. Baker; Carl O'Donnell (July 19, 2018). "Comcast concedes to Disney in bidding war for Fox assets". Reuters. Retrieved July 31, 2018.
0Byers, Dylan; David Goldman (July 19, 2018). "Disney wins: Comcast drops its bid for 21st Century Fox". CNN Money. Turner Broadcasting System/WarnerMedia. Retrieved July 31, 2018.
0Littleton, Cynthia; Ricardo Lopez (July 25, 2018). "Disney, 21st Century Fox Shareholders Vote to Approve $71.3 Billion Merger". Variety. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved July 31, 2018.
0Castillo, Michelle (July 27, 2018). "Disney receives shareholder approval to buy Fox assets". CNBC. NBCUniversal News Group. Retrieved July 31, 2018.
0Albaniak, Paige (13 June 2018). "'Jerry Springer' Moving to The CW This Fall". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved 14 June 2018.
0Goldberg, Lesley (June 14, 2018). "'Star Trek: Discovery' Showrunners Out; Alex Kurtzman to Take Over (Exclusive)". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved June 19, 2018.
0Goldberg, Lesley (June 19, 2018). "Alex Kurtzman Inks $25M Overall Deal Extension With CBS TV Studios, Will Expand 'Star Trek' TV Franchise". The Hollywood Reporter.
0"Inquiry: FIFA Gave World Cup Rights to Fox in Order to Dodge Lawsuit".
0"Fox apologises for Williams gesture". BBC News. British Broadcasting Corporation. 15 June 2018. Retrieved June 20, 2018.
0"NBCSN to simulcast Telemundo World Cup game, encroaching Fox". Associated Press. June 12, 2018 – via Fox Sports.
0"NBCSN to broadcast England-Belgium in World Cup". ProSoccerTalk (NBC Sports). June 26, 2018.
0Bucholtz, Andrew (June 15, 2018). "Fox U.S. Open broadcast commentary changes to someone saying "we were f*cking so hard, and I headbutted her in the head"". Awful Announcing.
0McCarthy, Michael (June 15, 2018). "Update: USGA 'deeply regrets' rough sex talk aired on Fox U.S. Open coverage". Sporting News.
0Beall, Joel (June 17, 2018). "U.S. Open 2018: Ian Poulter rips into U.S. crowds, USGA at Shinnecock". Golfworld.
0Schwartz, Ryan (June 16, 2018). "Chris Hardwick's Talking Pulled at AMC Following Sexual Assault Allegations; Will No Longer Moderate SDCC Panels". TVLine.
0Dino-Ray Ramos (June 16, 2018). "NBC Will "Assess" Chris Hardwick's Position As Host Of 'The Wall' After Abuse Claims". Deadline Hollywood. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved June 18, 2018.
0Patten, Dominic (July 3, 2018). "Yvette Nicole Brown Replaces Chris Hardwick For 'Walking Dead' Comic-Con Panel". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved July 4, 2018.
0Nemetz, Dave (July 13, 2018). "Talking Dead: Yvette Nicole Brown to Take Over as Interim Host Next Month, Stepping in for Chris Hardwick". TVLine.
0Deb, Sopan (July 25, 2018). "Chris Hardwick to Return to AMC After Investigation". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. Retrieved July 31, 2018.
0Goldberg, Lesley (July 25, 2018). "Chris Hardwick Will Return to 'Talking Dead' After AMC Investigation". The Hollywood Reporter. Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. Retrieved July 31, 2018.
0Nemetz, Dave (July 31, 2018). "Chris Hardwick to Return as Host of NBC's The Wall Next Season". TVLine. Retrieved August 11, 2018.
0Kilkenny, Katie (August 10, 2018). "Chris Hardwick's Name Returns to Nerdist Website After AMC Investigation". The Hollywood Reporter. Los Angeles, California: Eldridge Industries. Retrieved August 11, 2018.
0Cleve R. Wootson Jr. (June 19, 2018). "Fox News's Laura Ingraham says immigrant child detention centers are 'essentially summer camps'". The Washington Post. Nash Holdings LLC. Retrieved June 20, 2018.
0Bauder, David (June 19, 2018). "More Hollywood Condemnation Of Fox News". Associated Press. Retrieved June 20, 2018 – via TVNewsCheck.
0"Fox News Defends Laura Ingraham Amid Calls for Advertiser Boycott". Variety. Penske Media Corporation. June 19, 2018. Retrieved June 20, 2018.
0"Corey Lewandowski dropped by speakers bureau after 'womp womp' comment". CNN. June 21, 2018. Retrieved June 21, 2018.
0“Rachel Maddow Struggles To Read Report Of Babies Sent To ‘Tender Age’ Shelters“ From The Huffington Post (June 19, 2018)
0"'The Conners' is happening, without Roseanne Barr, ABC says". CNN. June 21, 2018. Retrieved June 21, 2018.
0"ABC orders 'Roseanne' spinoff for fall minus Roseanne Barr". Associated Press. June 22, 2018 – via The Blade.
0Real, Evan (June 22, 2018). "ABC's 'Proposal' Episode Pulled After Woman Accuses Contestant of Facilitating Her Sexual Assault". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved August 9, 2018.
0Mark K. Miller (June 25, 2018). "Gray To Buy Raycom For $3.6 Billion". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media.
0"GRAY AND RAYCOM TO COMBINE IN A $3.6 BILLION TRANSACTION". Raycom Media (Press release). June 25, 2018.
0Eggerton, John (June 25, 2018). "Gray Buying Raycom for $3.6B". Broadcasting & Cable. NewBay Media.
0Hayes, Dade (June 25, 2018). "Gray Acquiring Raycom For $3.65B, Forming No. 3 Local TV Group". Deadline Hollywood. Penske Media Corporation.
0"CNHI explores sale of newspaper company". CNHI News Service. June 25, 2018 – via The Tribune-Democrat.
0"Station Trading Roundup: 4 Deals, $3.7B". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. June 26, 2018. Retrieved June 27, 2018.
0"What the Raycom/Gray merger means for WTOL and you". WTOL. Raycom Media. June 25, 2018. Retrieved July 3, 2018.
0Kirk Baird; Jon Chavez (June 25, 2018). "Big TV ownership deal affects Toledo". Toledo Blade. Block Communications. Retrieved July 3, 2018.
0"Fox News Suspends Ex-Trump Aide David Bossie for 'Cotton-Picking' Remark". The Daily Beast. June 25, 2018.
0"Scripps Sells Tulsa Cluster To Griffin Communications" from Radio Insight (June 25, 2018)
0Littleton, Cynthia (2018-06-27). "Justice Department Approves Disney's Acquisition of 21st Century Fox With Divestiture of Regional Sports Networks". Variety. Retrieved 2018-06-27.
0Littleton, Cynthia (2018-06-29). "Comcast suffers outage of video, broadband services across parts of U.S." USA Today. Retrieved 2018-06-29.
0Nakamura, Reid (June 30, 2018). "Univision Stations Go Dark on Dish Platforms Over Ongoing Carriage Dispute". The Wrap. The Wrap Media Group, LLC. Retrieved July 31, 2018.
0Fingas, Jon (July 1, 2018). "Dish and Sling TV lose Univision channels in price dispute". Engadget. AOL. Retrieved July 31, 2018.
0"Black out at 60 Univision O&O stations amid contract battle". DevDiscourse. VisionRI. Reuters. June 30, 2018. Retrieved July 31, 2018.
0Dinges, Gary (July 2, 2018). "Univision networks gone from Dish Network lineup". Austin American-Statesman. GateHouse Media. Retrieved July 31, 2018.
0Lafayette, Jon (July 2, 2018). "Dish Latino Package Subs Get $5 Credit While Univision Dark". Broadcasting & Cable. NewBay Media. Retrieved July 31, 2018.
0WNYB-TV ends local productions, station site is for sale. The Buffalo News. Retrieved July 2, 2018.
0Gardner, Eriq (July 2, 2018). "BBC Goes to Court to Identify 'Doctor Who' Leaker". Hollywood Reporter.
0“Fox News’ Brit Hume Deletes "Democrats Don’t Love America" Tweet After Backlash” from The Hollywood Reporter (July 4, 2018)
0"Application for Consent to Assignment of Broadcast Station Construction Permit or License". CDBS Public Access. Federal Communications Commission. Retrieved July 24, 2018.
0Shields, Todd (July 16, 2018). "Sinclair and Tribune Fall as FCC Slams TV Station Sale Plan". Bloomberg News. Retrieved July 19, 2018.
0Neidig, Harper (July 16, 2018). "FCC chair rejects Sinclair-Tribune merger". The Hill. Capitol Hill Publishing Corp. Retrieved July 19, 2018.
0Robert Feder (July 16, 2018). "FCC throws Sinclair/Tribune deal in doubt". RobertFeder.com. Retrieved July 19, 2018.
0Hart, Benjamin (July 16, 2018). "FCC Throws Wrench Into Sinclair Media Megadeal". New York. New York Media, LLC. Retrieved July 19, 2018.
0Eggerton, John (July 18, 2018). "Sinclair Withdraws Cunningham Station Sales". Broadcasting & Cable. NewBay Media. Retrieved July 19, 2018.
0Battaglio, Stephen (July 18, 2018). "Sinclair Broadcast Group changes Tribune deal after FCC raises legal concerns". Los Angeles Times. Nant Capital. Retrieved July 19, 2018.
0Lee, Edmund (July 18, 2018). "Sinclair Tries to Appease F.C.C., but Its Tribune Bid Is Challenged". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. Retrieved July 19, 2018.
0Mirabella, Lorraine (July 18, 2018). "FCC orders hearing even as Sinclair changes plans to sell TV stations to address concerns about Tribune deal". Baltimore Sun. Tronc. Retrieved July 19, 2018.
0Respers France, Lisa (July 23, 2018), Georgia lawmaker Jason Spencer is under fire after dropping pants, yelling 'n-word' on 'Who Is America?', CNN, retrieved July 23, 2018
0Bluestein, Greg (July 22, 2018). "Ga. lawmaker urged to resign after using racial slurs, dropping pants in TV show". The Independent. Retrieved July 22, 2018.
0"Ga. lawmaker who used racial slurs in TV show resigns". Retrieved July 25, 2018.
0CNN, Lisa Respers France. "Georgia lawmaker who came under fire after yelling 'n-word' on 'Who Is America?' says he'll quit". Retrieved July 25, 2018.
0Ho, Rodney (July 26, 2018). "EXCLUSIVE: Public Broadcasting Atlanta's Channel 30 becoming full-service PBS station". Atlanta Journal-Constitution. Cox Enterprises. Retrieved August 2, 2018.
0Sefton, Dru (July 27, 2018). "Atlanta viewers to get second full PBS member station". Current. Current, LLC. Retrieved August 2, 2018.
0Harry A. Jessell (July 24, 2018). "Cox Puts 14 TV Stations On Auction Block". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. Retrieved July 25, 2018.
0"Cox Enterprises To Explore Strategic Options For Television Stations". Radio Insight. July 24, 2018.
0Harry A. Jessell (July 25, 2018). "Federal Court Upholds FCC's UHF Discount". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. Retrieved July 27, 2018.
0Eggerton, John (July 25, 2018). "Court Rejects Petition to Reverse FCC's UHF Discount". Broadcasting & Cable. NewBay Media. Retrieved July 27, 2018.
0Tompkins, Al (July 25, 2018). "Federal court refuses to overturn FCC rule, but not because it's a good one". Poynter. Retrieved July 27, 2018.
0Andrew M Harris; Todd Shields; David Caleb Mutua (July 25, 2018). "For Sinclair, Ruling on TV Limits May Be Too Late for Tribune". Bloomberg News. Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved July 27, 2018.
0Tchekmedyian, Alene; Shelby Grad (July 27, 2018). "Redding TV station reports devastating fire, then evacuates live on air as flames approach". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved July 31, 2018.
0Graff, Amy (July 27, 2018). "Redding TV station evacuates live on air as raging Carr Fire moves in". San Francisco Chronicle/SFGate. Hearst Communications. Retrieved July 31, 2018.
0"New York to kick Spectrum cable out of state for 'failures to serve New Yorkers'". WABC-TV. ABC Owned Television Stations. July 27, 2018.
0Robinson, David (July 27, 2018). "New York tells Spectrum Cable to get out of the state". The Buffalo News. BH Media.
0Campbell, Jon (July 27, 2018). "New York moves to kick Charter Spectrum cable out of the state". Rochester Democrat & Chronicle. Gannett Company.
0Brodkin, Jon (July 27, 2018). "NY orders Charter out of state, says it must sell Time Warner Cable system". Ars Technica. Condé Nast.
0"Six women tell The New Yorker that CBS chief Les Moonves sexually harassed them". 2018-07-27.
0Lee, Edmund (2018-07-27). "Les Moonves, CBS C.E.O., Faces Inquiry Over Misconduct Allegations". The New York Times.
0"More Unwanted Drama at CBS".
0"Shari Redstone says she's not source of Les Moonves allegations".
0Mark K. Miller (July 30, 2018). "Hearst Buying WPXT Portland, Maine". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. Retrieved July 30, 2018.
0"Station Trading Roundup: 2 Deals, $6.35M". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. August 1, 2018. Retrieved August 1, 2018.
0Edward D. Murphy (July 30, 2018). "Hearst media company wants WPXT". Portland Press Herald. MaineToday Media. Retrieved July 30, 2018.
0Mirabella, Lorraine (August 1, 2018). "Law firm files antitrust suit accusing Sinclair, other broadcasters artificially inflating ad prices". Baltimore Sun. Tronc. Retrieved August 2, 2018.
0Johnson, Ted (August 1, 2018). "TV Station Groups Hit With Class Action Suits Over Claims of Antitrust Violations". Variety. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved August 2, 2018.
0Eggerton, John (August 2, 2018). "Class Action Suits Filed Against Broadcast Groups". Broadcasting & Cable. NewBay Media. Retrieved August 2, 2018.
0Fung, Brian (August 2, 2018). "A lawsuit accuses Sinclair and other media companies of conspiring to raise TV ad prices". The Washington Post. Nash Holdings, LLC. Retrieved August 2, 2018.
0Brantley, Max (August 1, 2018). "Little Rock lawyer sues Sinclair Broadcast and Tribune Media for ad price fixing". Arkansas Times. Arkansas Times Limited Partnership. Retrieved August 2, 2018.
0"Nexstar Broadcasting Enters Into Definitive Agreements to Acquire Two Stations in Accretive Transactions for $19.45 Million". Nexstar Media Group (Press release). August 2, 2018.
0Herzog, Stephen (August 2, 2018). "Local TV stations connected after purchase". Springfield News-Leader. Gannett Company. Retrieved August 2, 2018.
0Jacobson, Adam (August 2, 2018). "Nexstar's Goes For Three In Ozark's Queen City". Radio-Television Business Report. Streamline-RBR, Inc.
0Stephanie Tsoflias Siegel (August 2, 2018). "Nexstar Announces Acquisition of Two Stations for $19.45 Million". TVSpy. Beringer Capital. Retrieved August 2, 2018.
0"Station Trading Roundup: 1 Deal, $16.5M". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. August 7, 2018. Retrieved August 8, 2018.
0“Apple, Facebook and other tech companies delete content from Alex Jones” from Los Angeles Times (August 6, 2018)
0Nicas, Jack (7 September 2018). "Apple Removes Alex Jones's Infowars From Its App Store". The New York Times. Retrieved 8 September 2018.
0HGTV Buys 'Brady Bunch' House to Restore It "to Its 1970s Glory" from The Hollywood Reporter (August 7, 2018)
0"Laura Ingraham’s immigration comments are different words for the same Trump-era rhetoric" from The Washington Post (August 9, 2018)
0"Tribune Terminates $3.9 Billion Sinclair Merger, Sues Broadcast Rival". The Wall Street Journal. News Corp. August 9, 2018.
0Mark K. Miller (August 9, 2018). "Tribune Kills Sinclair Merger, Files Suit". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media.
0Dinsmore, Christopher (August 9, 2018). "Tribune Media pulls out of Sinclair Broadcast merger". Baltimore Sun. Tronc.
0Lee, Edmund; Amie Tsang (August 9, 2018). "Tribune Ends Deal With Sinclair, Dashing Plan for Conservative TV Behemoth". The New York Times. The New York Times Company.
0Lafayette, Jon (August 9, 2018). "Tribune Ends Deal with Sinclair, Files Breach of Contract Suit". Broadcasting & Cable. NewBay Media.
0Fung, Brian; Tony Romm (August 9, 2018). "Tribune withdraws from Sinclair merger, saying it will sue for 'breach of contract'". The Washington Post. Nash Holdings LLC.
0Hendel, John (August 9, 2018). "Sinclair's merger breakup could frustrate its TV ambitions". Politico. Politico LLC. Retrieved August 10, 2018.
0Mark K. Miller (August 6, 2018). "Tribune Broadcasting Renews Fox Affiliations". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. Retrieved August 7, 2018.
0Farrell, Mike (August 9, 2018). "Now It's Really Over: Sinclair Withdraws Tribune Merger Application". Multichannel News. NewBay Media. Retrieved August 10, 2018.
0"Fox News pays tribute to Aretha Franklin — with an image of Patti LaBelle" from Yahoo! (August 16, 2018)
0"Fox Sports to make history with all-female announcing crew for D.C. United match," from Washington Post, 8/17/2018
0Fekadu, Mesfin (August 20, 2018). "MTV VMAs to feature Cardi B, J. Lo and Aretha tribute". Associated Press. Retrieved August 20, 2018.
0Lee, Benjamin (21 August 2018). "MTV VMAs: Madonna tribute to Aretha Franklin proves divisive as Camila Cabello wins big". Guardian. Retrieved 21 August 2018.
0Gonzalez, Sandra (August 21, 2018). "Madonna says speech at VMAs was not intended to be Aretha Franklin tribute". CNN. Turner Broadcasting System/WarnerMedia. Retrieved August 23, 2018.
0"Gray Completes Divestiture Sale Process to Facilitate Transaction with Raycom" (PDF). Gray Television. August 20, 2018. Retrieved August 21, 2018.
0Mark K. Miller (August 20, 2018). "Gray Makes Deals To Sell 9 More Stations". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. Retrieved August 21, 2018.
0Lafayette, Jon (August 20, 2018). "Tegna, Scripps in Deals to Buy Network Affiliates". Broadcasting & Cable. NewBay Media. Retrieved August 21, 2018.
0Jacobson, Adam (August 20, 2018). "Gray Spins Land With Lockwood, TEGNA, Scripps". Radio-Television Business Report. Streamline-RBR, Inc. Retrieved August 21, 2018.
0Jacobson, Adam (August 16, 2018). "Gray Parts Ways With First Raycom-Related Divestment". Radio-Television Business Report. Streamline-RBR, Inc. Retrieved August 21, 2018.
0Mandel, Eric (August 16, 2018). "Gray Television shedding CBS affiliate alongside $3.6B Raycom purchase". Atlanta Business Chronicle. American City Business Journals. Retrieved August 21, 2018.
0"ESPN launching redesigned 'BottomLine' ticker with 'flips'". TVNewscastStudio. August 16, 2018. Retrieved August 20, 2018.
0Holland, Liz (August 21, 2018). "WBOC parent company to acquire WRDE". Salisbury Daily Times. Gannett Company.
0"Salisbury's WBOC-TV to buy NBC affiliate WRDE". Salisbury Independent. August 21, 2018.
0"Station Trading Roundup: 3 Deals, $18.3M". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. August 28, 2018. Retrieved August 29, 2018.
0"President Trump criticizes ESPN for not airing national anthem before 'Monday Night Football'" from The Sporting News (August 22, 2018)
0"Trump asks supporters to sign petition urging ESPN to show the national anthem before NFL games" from Los Angeles Times (August 22, 2018)
0"How CBS, Fox and NBC plan to handle the national anthem during NFL broadcasts in 2018". The Arizona Republic. Gannett Company. August 22, 2018.
0Mark K. Miller (August 28, 2018). "College Sells KNCT License To Gray". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. Retrieved August 29, 2018.
0Carroll, John (August 28, 2018). "CTC Approves sale of KNCT-TV to Gray Television and KWTX-TV". KWTX-TV. Gray Television. Retrieved August 29, 2018.
0"Station Trading Roundup: 5 Deals, $3.2M". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. September 4, 2018. Retrieved September 5, 2018.
0"Colorado Springs KRDO news crew almost run over at crime scene" from KRDO-TV (Colorado Springs, Colorado) (August 28, 2018)
0"KRDO Reporter: 'Just by Inches, We Didn't Get Hit by That Car'" from AdWeek (August 29, 2018)
0Jacobson, Adam (August 31, 2018). "Michigan CBS Affiliate Crippled By Transmitter Fire". Radio-Television Business Report. Streamline-RBR, Inc. Retrieved August 31, 2018.
0Hernandez, Remington (August 31, 2018). "Fire at 9&10, Local 32 Transmitter Site Knocks Stations Off Air". WMNN-LD. Freelancer Television Broadcasting. Retrieved August 31, 2018.
0Klapp, Caroline (August 31, 2018). "9&10 News, Local 32 Restored for Charter Customers". WWTV. Heritage Broadcasting Group.
0"Big Ten Network Suspends Analyst For Tweets". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. September 4, 2018.
0Angelique S. Chengelis (September 3, 2018). "Suspended Edwards apologizes but doubles down on UM football criticism". The Detroit News. Gannett Company. Retrieved September 4, 2018.
0Thompson, Chris (September 3, 2018). "CORRECTED: Big Ten Network Suspends Braylon Edwards Indefinitely For Criticizing Michigan On Twitter". Deadspin. Gizmodo Media Group. Retrieved September 4, 2018.
0"Dolan family sues Altice, claims layoffs violate merger deal". New York Post. News Corp. September 4, 2018. Retrieved September 5, 2018.
0Noto, Anthony (September 5, 2018). "Dolan family sues Altice over News 12 layoffs". New York Business Journal. American City Business Journals. Retrieved September 5, 2018.
0Hayes, Dade (September 4, 2018). "Cablevision's Dolan Family Sues Altice Over Alleged Breach Of 2016 Merger, Claiming Ageism In News 12 Layoffs". Deadline.com. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved September 5, 2018.
0Smith, Gerry; Jef Feeley (September 4, 2018). "New York Knicks Owners Sue Altice USA Over News Channel Layoffs". Bloomberg News. Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved September 5, 2018.
0"Man arrested after crashing truck into FOX4 building in downtown Dallas". KDFW. Fox Television Stations. September 5, 2018.
0Eline de Bruijn; Brian Roth (September 5, 2018). "Driver Reportedly Intentionally Crashes Into Fox 4 Studios in Dallas". KXAS-TV. NBC Owned Television Stations.
0Brumfield, Loyd (September 5, 2018). "Dallas police say pickup intentionally crashed into FOX4 studio; suspect ranted about 'treason'". Dallas Morning News. A.H. Belo.
0English, Stephen (September 5, 2018). "Dallas, driver rants about 'treason,' reports say". Fort Worth Star-Telegram. The McClatchy Company.
0Allen, Keith (September 5, 2018). "Yelling man crashes truck into Dallas news station". CNN. Turner Broadcasting System/WarnerMedia.
0Haag, Matthew (September 5, 2018). "Man Repeatedly Crashes Truck Into Dallas TV Station Building". The New York Times. The New York Times Company.
0"Pickup Crashes Into Front Of Dallas Television Station Building". KTVT/KTXA. CBS Television Stations. September 5, 2018.
0Jacobo, Julia (September 5, 2018). "Roy Moore sues Sacha Baron Cohen for defamation over prank on 'Who Is America?'". ABC News. The Walt Disney Company. Retrieved September 6, 2018.
0Andrew M Harris; Lucas Shaw (September 5, 2018). "Roy Moore Says Sacha Baron Cohen Defamed Him". Bloomberg News. Bloomberg L.P. Retrieved September 6, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (September 5, 2018). "Roy Moore Sues Sacha Baron Cohen For $95M Over 'Who Is America?' Stunt". Deadline Hollywood. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved September 6, 2018.
0Impemba, Allen gone for 2018; Tigers scramble for replacements Detroit News, September 7, 2018
0Broadcasters Rod Allen, Mario Impemba won't return to Detroit Tigers The Detroit Free Press, October 9, 2018
0Schwartz, Ryan (September 7, 2018). "Heidi Klum and Tim Gunn Leaving Project Runway Franchise to Develop New Reality Series at Amazon". TVLine. Retrieved September 8, 2018.
0Swift, Andy (September 7, 2018). "Project Runway Judge Zac Posen Also Leaving — Will You Watch Season 17?". TVLine. Retrieved September 8, 2018.
0Kovach, Steve (September 9, 2018). "Leslie Moonves out as CBS CEO after sexual harassment allegations". CNBC. Retrieved September 9, 2018.
0"NRA TV Ripped for Turning ‘Thomas and Friends’ Characters Into KKK Members" from The Wrap (September 12, 2018)
0MacFarlane, Drew (September 13, 2018). "North Carolina Meteorologists Forced Off-Air During Broadcast By Florence Flooding". The Weather Channel. Entertainment Studios/The Weather Company. Retrieved September 14, 2018.
0Jason O. Boyd (September 14, 2018). "Statement from WCTI General Manager Matt Bowman". WCTI-TV. Sinclair Broadcast Group.
0David A. Fahrenthold; Katie Zezima (September 14, 2018). "Hundreds rescued in town of New Bern, N.C., as Hurricane Florence batters East Coast". The Washington Post. Nash Holdings, LLC.
0Stephanie Tsoflias Siegel (September 14, 2018). "Hurricane Florence Forces WCTI Meteorologists to Evacuate During Broadcast". TVSpy. Beringer Capital.
0Harry A. Jessell (September 14, 2018). "Gray Buys Back Lincoln Station For $475K". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheckMedia. Retrieved September 17, 2018.
0"Application for Consent to Assignment of Broadcast Station Construction Permit or License". CDBS Public Access. Federal Communications Commission. September 12, 2018. Retrieved September 14, 2018.
0"Gray Sets Buyers For Its Six SSA Stations". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheckMedia. August 27, 2014. Retrieved September 17, 2018.
0"Gray Buying Hoak, Prime Stations For $342.5M". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheckMedia. November 20, 2013.
0"KHAS TV - KSNB TV Statement". KHAS-TV. Gray Television. June 12, 2014. Archived from the original on July 14, 2014.
0Moye, David (14 September 2018). "Weatherman Braces For Hurricane Florence While 2 Guys Walk By As If Nothing's Wrong". Huffington Post. Retrieved 15 September 2018.
0Wise, Justin (14 September 2018). "Weather Channel defends reporter seen in viral Hurricane Florence video". The Hill. Retrieved 15 September 2018.
0Brian Stelter (September 17, 2018). "Julie Chen leaving 'The Talk' after husband Les Moonves exits CBS". CNN. Turner Broadcasting System/WarnerMedia. Retrieved September 18, 2018.
0Ryan, Patrick (September 17, 2018). "Julie Chen leaving CBS' 'The Talk' after her CEO husband Leslie Moonves' firing". USA Today. Gannett Company. Retrieved September 18, 2018.
0MacDonald, Lindsay (September 17, 2018). "Julie Chen Officially Exits The Talk". TV Guide Digital. CBS Interactive. Retrieved September 18, 2018.
0"Julie Chen Reportedly to Exit CBS' 'The Talk' on Heels of Moonves Scandal". Variety. Penske Media Corporation. September 17, 2018. Retrieved September 18, 2018.
0Holloway, Daniel (2018-04-26). "Michael Che, Colin Jost to Host 2018 Primetime Emmy Awards (EXCLUSIVE)". Variety. Retrieved April 26, 2018.
0Respers France, Lisa (September 18, 2018). "Emmys 2018: The winners list". CNN.
0Ausiello, Michael (September 24, 2018). "James Lipton Stepping Down as Host of Inside The Actors Studio". TVLine.
0Swift, Andy (September 25, 2002). "Bill Cosby's Achievement Award Repealed by TCA Ahead of Sexual Assault Trial Sentencing". TVLine.
0Roig-Franzia, Manuel (September 25, 2018). "Bill Cosby sentenced to 3 to 10 years in state prison". Washington Post.
0Matthews, Wallace (September 27, 2018). "HBO Says It Is Leaving the Boxing Business". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. Retrieved September 29, 2018.
0Rafael, Dan (September 27, 2018). "HBO to drop its boxing coverage at end of 2018". ESPN. Retrieved September 29, 2018.
0Lynch, John (September 27, 2018). "HBO is 'pivoting away' from professional boxing, 45 years after broadcasting its first match". Business Insider. Axel Springer SE. Retrieved September 29, 2018.
0Guerrasio, Jason (September 28, 2018). "HBO Sports exec says the future of the network will be 'high access, high ambition' programming now that it's dropping boxing after 45 years". Business Insider. Axel Springer SE. Retrieved September 29, 2018.
0"Fox News Fires Contributor Who Called Kavanaugh Accusers ‘Lying Skanks’" from Variety (September 27, 2018)
0"Kavanaugh-Ford Hearing Draws Over 20 Million Viewers Total" from Variety (September 28, 2018)
0Turchiano, Danielle (29 September 2018). "Matt Damon Appears as Brett Kavanaugh in 'Saturday Night Live' Premiere (Watch)". Variety. Retrieved 7 October 2018.
0"Kanye West's Pro-Trump Rant Gets Boos on Saturday Night Live: 'My God,' Says Chris Rock". People. 30 September 2018. Retrieved 7 October 2018.
0"Kanye West Made SNL Stars 'Uncomfortable' with 'Surprise' Trump Rant: Source". People. 30 September 2018. Retrieved 7 October 2018.
0Garcia, Kelsey (May 15, 2018). "Freeform Is Airing 31 Nights of Halloween This Year — So, Best Halloween Ever?". PopSugar. Retrieved August 6, 2018.
0Reslen, Eileen (May 16, 2018). "Freeform Announces 13 Nights of Halloween Will Now Be a Month-Long Event in October". Cosmopolitan. Hearst Communications. Retrieved August 6, 2018.
0Sandberg, Bryn Elise (October 1, 2018). "Viacom Names Brian Robbins President of Nickelodeon". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved October 1, 2018.
0Littleton, Cynthia (September 22, 2018). "Fox Networks Group, Altice USA Rattle Sabers in New York Carriage Fight". Variety. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved September 28, 2018.
0Farrell, Mike (October 1, 2018). "Altice USA and Fox Still in Retrans Talks". Multichannel News. NewBay Media. Retrieved October 4, 2018.
0"FOX CHANNELS REMAIN ON OPTIMUM AS TALKS CONTINUE". WKXW. Townsquare Media. October 2, 2018. Retrieved October 4, 2018.
0Lafayette, Jon (October 5, 2018). "Fox Reaches Retransmission Agreement With Altice USA". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved October 6, 2018.
0Munroe, Jill (October 3, 2018). "DAMON WAYANS SHOCKINGLY QUITS 'LETHAL WEAPON' WITH EXCLUSIVE ANNOUNCEMENT TO EUR (WATCH!)". Electronic Urban Report. Retrieved October 4, 2018.
0Goldberg, Lesley (October 3, 2018). "Damon Wayans Says He's Quitting Fox's 'Lethal Weapon'". The Hollywood Reporter. Billboard-Hollywood Reporter News Group. Retrieved October 4, 2018.
0MacDonald, Lindsay (October 3, 2018). "The Lethal Weapon Drama Continues as Damon Wayans Quits the Show". TV Guide. CBS Interactive. Retrieved October 4, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik; Nellie Andreeva (October 3, 2018). "Damon Wayans Says He Is Quitting Fox's 'Lethal Weapon'". Deadline Hollywood. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved October 4, 2018.
0Gennis, Sadie (August 29, 2018). "6 Bombshells Clayne Crawford Dropped About Damon Wayans During Scorched-Earth Lethal Weapon Interview". TV Guide. CBS Interactive. Retrieved October 4, 2018.
0Schaffstall, Katherine (October 4, 2018). "'Conan' Airs Last Hourlong Episode, O'Brien Pays Tribute to Longtime Band". Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved October 4, 2018.
0Donnelly, Jim (July 24, 2018). "ABC Fall Premiere Dates 2018: See the Complete Schedule!". ABC Updates (Press release). ABC. Retrieved August 6, 2018.
0Swift, Andy (July 24, 2018). "ABC Fall Premiere Dates: XL Grey's, Nathan Fillion's Rookie, The Conners(Minus Roseanne) and More". TVLine. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved September 8, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (July 24, 2018). "ABC Fall Premiere Dates: 'The Conners' & 'The Rookie' Arrive In October". Deadline Hollywood.
0“KTTC reporter fired for wearing Trump hat at rally” from The Post Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota (October 5, 2018)
0CNN Panel Mocks Kanye West as Trump’s ‘Token Negro,’ Don Lemon Laughs (Video) The Wrap, October 10, 2018
0Lam, Katherine (June 4, 2018). "Kanye West says he was diagnosed with 'mental condition' at 39". Retrieved October 6, 2018.
0"2018 American Music Awards to Air Live Tuesday, October 9". American Music Awards (Press release). Dick Clark Productions. February 13, 2018. Retrieved August 6, 2018.
0Lewis, Hilary (August 22, 2018). "American Music Awards Partners With YouTube Music". The Hollywood Reporter. Billboard–Hollywood Reporter Media Group. Retrieved October 11, 2018.
0"Tracee Ellis Ross to Return as Host of American Music Awards". Variety. Penske Media Corporation. September 5, 2018. Retrieved September 6, 2018.
0Weatherby, Taylor (October 9, 2018). "Here Are All the Winners From the 2018 AMAs". Billboard. Billboard–Hollywood Reporter Media Group. Retrieved October 11, 2018.
0Seemayer, Zach (October 10, 2018). "2018 American Music Awards' Greatest, Wildest and Most Memorable Moments". ETOnline.com. Entertainment Tonight. Retrieved October 12, 2018.
0Flood, Brian (October 10, 2018). "American Music Awards ratings plunge 29 percent with politically charged show". Fox News. Retrieved October 12, 2018.
0Venta, Lance (October 10, 2018). "Hurricane Michael Takes Panama City Off The Air". Radio Insight. RadioBB Networks. Retrieved October 11, 2018.
0Venta, Lance (October 10, 2018). "Hurricane Michael's winds knock WFLA's sister stations off air". WFLA-TV. Nexstar Media Group. Retrieved October 11, 2018.
0Holloway, Daniel (14 February 2018). "CW Plans Sunday Primetime Block for 2018-19 Season". Variety. Retrieved 14 February 2018.
0Goldberg, Lesley (February 14, 2018). "CW Expanding Original Programming to Sundays". The Hollywood Reporter. Billboard–Hollywood Reporter Media Group. Retrieved February 15, 2018.
0Ausiello, Michael (May 17, 2018). "The CW Fall Schedule: Supergirl and Charmed Take Over Sunday, Arrow Targets Monday, Jane Held to '19". TVLine. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved May 22, 2018.
0"CW rolls out six-night schedule starting in October; see list of premieres". WPIX. Tribune Broadcasting. September 24, 2018. Retrieved September 29, 2018.
0Mark K. Miller (October 17, 2018). "Jukin Media Operating Sinclair's TBD Network". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media.
0Lopez, Matt (October 16, 2018). "Jukin Media Now Operates Sinclair Broadcast's 'TBD' Network". The Wrap. The Wrap Media Group. Retrieved October 17, 2018.
0"Sinclair Broadcast Group Taps Jukin Media To Operate 'TBD' Network" (Press release). Sinclair Broadcast Group. October 16, 2018. Retrieved October 17, 2018 – via PR Newswire.
0"QYOU Media Provides Corporate Update and Management Update Call". QYOU Media Inc. (Press release). September 13, 2018. Retrieved October 2, 2018 – via CNW.
0Itzkoff, Dave (October 17, 2018). "Original Big Bird, Caroll Spinney, Leaves 'Sesame Street' After Nearly 50 Years". The New York Times. The New York Times Company. Retrieved October 17, 2018.
0"Suspicious packages sent to Time Warner Center, Clinton and Obama" from CNN (October 24, 2018)
0Suspicious packages sent to Clinton, Obama, CNN prompt massive response CBS News, October 24, 2018
0CNN President Jeff Zucker Blasts Trump White House After Bomb Threat: "Words Matter" The Hollywood Reporter, October 24, 2018
0"More suspicious packages found, these to Booker, Clapper". AP NEWS. October 26, 2018. Archived from the original on October 26, 2018. Retrieved October 26, 2018.
0BREAKING: Suspicious package addressed to CNN intercepted at Atlanta post office, official says Atlanta-Journal Constitution, October 29, 2018
0CNN Communications Twitter, October 29, 2018
0New: Package to CNN intercepted today similar to others sent by Sayoc. Image here: Jim Sciutto on Twitter
0"Megyn Kelly will not return to NBC's 'Today' show following blackface controversy" from USA Today (October 26, 2018)
0Megyn Kelly's show in doubt after blackface comments CNN, October 25, 2018
0"NBC's Megyn Kelly apologizes for comments about blackface" from ABC News (October 24, 2018)
0Vivinetto, Gina (October 27, 2018). "Weekend TODAY officially welcomes Peter Alexander as its new co-anchor". Today. NBC News. Retrieved November 26, 2018.
0“Fox News Bans Guest for George Soros Comments on 'Lou Dobbs Tonight'” from The Hollywood Reporter (October 28, 2018)
0Micheli, Carolyn (October 29, 2018). "Scripps To Acquire 15 Television Stations In 10 Markets From Cordillera Communications" (Press release). E. W. Scripps Company.
0Mark K. Miller (October 29, 2018). "Scripps Buying 15 Cordillera Stations For $521M". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media.
0Harry A. Jessell (August 1, 2018). "Cordillera Looking To Exit The TV Station Business". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. Retrieved August 1, 2018.
0Application for Consent to Assignment of Broadcast Station Construction Permit or License, CDBS Public Access, Federal Communications Commission, Retrieved 13 November 2018.
0"Nexstar expands in Hawaii with acquisition of KFVE". KHON-TV. Nexstar Media Group. October 30, 2018. Retrieved November 9, 2018.
0Harry A. Jessell (November 8, 2018). "Nexstar Doubling Up In Honolulu". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media.
0"Nexstar's Quiet Hawaiian Duopoly Play". Radio-Television Business Report. Streamline-RBR, Inc. November 8, 2018. Retrieved November 9, 2018.
0Gomes, Andrew (November 3, 2018). "KGMB, KHNL, KFVE and KHON linked in sale". Honolulu Star-Advertiser. Oahu Publications Inc. Retrieved November 9, 2018.
0Gawley, Paige (October 31, 2018). "'GMA' and 'Today' Hosts Dress Up as '80s Favorites for Halloween". ETOnline.com. Entertainment Tonight. Retrieved November 7, 2018.
0"Quincy Buys Second Station This Week". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheckMedia LLC. October 31, 2018. Retrieved October 31, 2018.
0Application For Consent to Assigment of Broadcast Station Construction Permit or License, CDBS Public Access, Federal Communications Commission, Retrieved 1 November 2018.
0Lafayette, Jon (October 31, 2018). "HBO Blacked Out to Dish Network Subscribers". Broadcasting & Cable. NewBay Media. Retrieved November 1, 2018.
0Pete Davidson Criticized for Insulting Veteran Political Candidate Who Lost Eye to IED Variety, November 4, 2018
0"Kenan Thompson says Pete Davidson's 'SNL' joke about wounded vet 'missed the mark'" NBC News, November 5, 2018
0‘Saturday Night Live’: Congressman-Elect Dan Crenshaw Appears for Pete Davidson’s Apology (Watch) Variety, November 10, 2018
0"NBC Slammed for Airing Trump's "Racist" Caravan Ad During 'Sunday Night Football'" Hollywood Reporter, November 5, 2018
0NBC Pulls Trump's "Racist" Migrant Ad Hollywood Reporter, November 5, 2018
0Stephen Colbert’s ‘Late Show’ To Air Live On Midterm Election Night Deadline Hollywood, October 1, 2018
0Midterm elections are a big deal for late-night shows, too: Seth Meyers explains USA Today, November 1, 2018
0“Former 'Dragon Ball Z' Composer Nathan Johnson Elected to Texas State Senate” from Billboard (November 7, 2018)
0"White House suspends credentials for CNN correspondent Jim Acosta after heated exchange with Trump". ABC News. Disney-ABC Television Group. November 7, 2018.
0Brian Stelter (November 8, 2018). "Reporters condemn White House decision to bar CNN's Acosta". CNN Business. Turner Broadcasting System (WarnerMedia).
0Sullivan, Margaret (November 8, 2018). "Words and walkouts aren't enough. CNN should sue Trump over revoking Acosta's press pass". The Washington Post. Nash Holdings LLC. Retrieved November 9, 2018.
0Farhi, Paul (November 13, 2018). "CNN sues White House to regain access for reporter Jim Acosta". The Washington Post. Nash Holdings LLC.
0Bauder, David (November 13, 2018). "CNN Sues White House Over Acosta Credentials". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media.
0"CNN Sues White House Over Jim Acosta Press Pass Suspension". The Hollywood Reporter. Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. November 13, 2018.
0"Even Trump's favorite TV network supports CNN's lawsuit against the White House". Vox. November 14, 2018.
0Fox News, other outlets back CNN’s lawsuit against Trump administration The Hill, November 14, 2018
0Farhi, Paul (November 16, 2018). "Judge hands CNN victory in its bid to restore Jim Acosta's White House press pass". The Washington Post. Nash Holdings LLC.
0Gresko, Jessica; Michael Balsamo (November 16, 2018). "Judge Orders White House To Return Acosta Pass". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media.
0CNN drops suit against White House after Acosta’s press pass is fully restored The Washington Post, November 19, 2018
0"Man Arrested for Allegedly Making 40 Harassing, Death Threat Calls to CNN" from The Hollywood Reporter (November 8, 2018)
0‘They were threatening me and my family’: Tucker Carlson’s home targeted by protesters The Washington Post, November 8, 2018
0Pamer, Melissa (9 November 2018). "Western Town at Paramount Ranch, Filming Location Since 1927, Burns in Woolsey Fire: NPS". KTLA 5. Retrieved 10 November 2018.
0Strause, Jackie (9 November 2018). "'The Bachelor' Mansion Burning Amid California Wildfires". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved 10 November 2018.
0“Democrats are reportedly gearing up to investigate Trump's actions against CNN and the Washington Post” from Business Insider (November 11, 2018)
0“Scoop: Democrats to probe Trump for targeting CNN, Washington Post” from Axios (November 11, 2018)
0"Bobby Petrino fired as Louisville coach". ESPN.com. 2018-11-11. Retrieved 11 November 2018.
0posted by @Im_Awesome57 via Twitter (November 11, 2018)
0Ramos, Dino-Ray (December 14, 2017). "People's Choice Awards Sets Premiere Date For Inaugural Telecast On E!". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 6, 2018.
0Vulpo, Mike (August 2, 2018). "Carrie Underwood and Brad Paisley Set to Host 2018 CMA Awards". E! Online. Comcast. Retrieved August 9, 2018.
0"ABC Shakeup: Channing Dungey Exits As Entertainment President, Karey Burke To Replace Her," from Deadline, 11/16/2018
0Murphy, Desiree; Seemayer, Zach (November 19, 2018). "'Dancing With the Stars' Crowns Season 27 Champion - Find Out Who Took Home the Mirrorball Trophy!". Entertainment Tonight. Retrieved November 20, 2018.
0"Amazon Bids for Fox Regional Sports Networks (Report)" from The Hollywood Reporter (November 20, 2018)
0"LBI Media Files For Bankruptcy" from Radio Insight (November 21, 2018)
0"Fox News Apologizes After Guest Compares Hillary Clinton to 'Herpes'" from The Hollywood Reporter (November 22, 2018)
0"'The Prom' Makes Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade History with First Televised LGBTQ Kiss" from The Hollywood Reporter (November 22, 2018)
0Young, Julius (November 22, 2018). "Fans criticize Rita Ora for lip-syncing during Macy's Thanksgiving parade". Fox News. Retrieved November 24, 2018.
0Henderson, Cydney (November 22, 2018). "Macy's apologizes for Thanksgiving Parade 'technical difficulties' after lip-sync mishap". USA Today. Retrieved November 24, 2018.
0Romano, Nick (November 22, 2018). "Here's why stars lip sync during the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade". Entertainment Weekly. Time Inc. (Meredith Corporation). Retrieved November 29, 2018.
0Tiger Woods vs. Phil Mickelson: Bleacher Report issues refunds after streaming problems, report says Sporting News, November 24, 2018
0Refunds to be offered to those who paid for Woods-Mickelson matchup CBS News, November 24, 2018
0Michael M. Grynbaum (February 19, 2018). "Fox News Plans a Streaming Service for 'Superfans'". The New York Times. Retrieved February 28, 2018.
0Steinberg, Brian (February 26, 2018). "Fox News Plans to Launch Fox Nation Streaming Service". Variety. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved February 28, 2018.
0Ariens, Chris (5 September 2018). "Tomi Lahren Moves Segment to FNC's New Streaming Service". TVNewser. Adweek. Retrieved 5 September 2018.
0Mark K. Miller (October 25, 2018). "FNC To Launch Fox Nation On Nov. 27". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheckMedia.
0Ismail, Aymann. "In Firing Marc Lamont Hill, CNN Emboldened the Effort to Cast Israel's Critics as Anti-Semites". Slate Magazine. Retrieved 2018-12-01.
0"CNN fires contributor Marc Lamont Hill for criticising Israel". www.aljazeera.com.
0Keller, Megan (November 29, 2018). "CNN cuts ties with Marc Lamont Hill after Israel comments". TheHill.
0"CNN ends contract with contributor Mark Lamont Hill after speech on Israel". The Guardian. Associated Press. November 30, 2018. Retrieved November 30, 2018.
0Adam Shaw (29 November 2018). "CNN commentator accused of dog-whistling for Israel's elimination in well-received UN speech". Fox News. Retrieved 29 November 2018.
0"CNN Fires Analyst Marc Lamont Hill". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media. Associated Press. November 30, 2018. Retrieved December 3, 2018.
0“Fox News Quickly Apologizes After Kid Rock Calls Joy Behar A "Bitch" on Live TV” from The Hollywood Reporter (November 30, 2018)
0Joy Behar’s respone to Kid Rock comments from Twitter (November 30, 2018)
0“Kid Rock Replaced as Grand Marshal of Nashville Christmas Parade” from Rolling Stone (November 30, 2018)
0“Alaska earthquake leaves Anchorage TV station KTVA heavily damaged” from WPVI-TV (November 30, 2018)
0Erik Pedersen; Lisa de Moraes (November 30, 2018). "Alaska Earthquake: TV Stations Off Air Amid Extensive Damage From 7.0 Temblor, Aftershocks; Tsunami Warning Canceled". Deadline Hollywood. Penske Media Corporation. Missing or empty |url= (help); |access-date= requires |url= (help)
0Jon Lafayette (December 1, 2018). "Dispute With Dish Network Blacks Out Tegna Stations". Broadcasting & Cable. NewBay Media. Retrieved December 3, 2018.
0O'Connell, Michael. "TV Ratings: ABC Move Does Nothing for Victoria's Secret Fashion Show". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved December 3, 2018.
0Hibberd, James. "Victoria's Secret Fashion Show plunges to lowest ratings ever". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved December 3, 2018.
0"Acquisition of Tribune Media Company" (PDF). Nexstar Media Group. December 3, 2018.
0"Thailand to host Miss Universe 2018 as pageant returns to Asia". ABS-CBN News. ABS-CBN Corporation. 31 July 2018. Retrieved 6 August 2018.
0"Pearl Group To Demo 3.0 in Phoenix in 2018". TVNewsCheck. November 14, 2017. Retrieved November 17, 2017.
0"Love & Hip Hop Miami Starring Trina, Trick Daddy, and Gunplay, Is Coming In January 2018". VH1. Retrieved August 25, 2017.
0Pedersen, Erik (November 21, 2017). "'LA To Vegas' & 'The Resident' Get Premiere Dates On Fox". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved November 21, 2017.
0Evans, Greg (November 15, 2017). "'The X-Files' & New Drama '9-1-1' Get Premiere Dates On Fox". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved November 16, 2017.
0Adalian (May 19, 2017). "Freeform Picks Up New Black-ish Spin-Off Grown-ish (Formerly College-ish)". Retrieved May 19, 2017.[permanent dead link]
0"WAGS Atlanta First Look: Meet the "Very Glamorous" Ladies of E!'s New Series". E!. 2017-11-02. Retrieved November 2, 2017.
0"Panelists Named on New Music Competition Series "The Four: Battle for Stardom," Premiering Thursday, Jan. 4 on FOX". The Futon Critic. November 17, 2017. Retrieved November 17, 2017.
0Ausiello, Michael (November 16, 2017). "Grey's Anatomy, Scandal and HTGAWM Midseason Premiere Date Announced". TVLine. Retrieved November 16, 2017.
0Evans, Greg (October 18, 2017). "'The Chi' Teaser Trailer: Showtime's Hour Drama Sets Premiere Date". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved October 28, 2017.
0Pedersen, Erik (October 18, 2017). "The Lonely Island's 'Alone Together' Gets Season 2 Renewal Ahead Of January Premiere On Freeform". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved October 18, 2017.
0White, Peter (20 November 2017). "'Philip K. Dick's Electric Dreams': Amazon Sets January Premiere". Deadline Hollywood.
0Hipes, Patrick (January 5, 2018). "David Letterman's Netflix Show To Bow January 12 With Barack Obama As First Guest". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved January 13, 2018.
0"Nickelodeon's New Original Animated Series, "The Adventures of Kid Danger," to Debut Friday, Jan. 19, at 6:30 P.M. (ET/PT)" (Press release). Nickelodeon. December 14, 2017. Retrieved December 14, 2017 – via The Futon Critic.
0Andreeva, Nellie (November 16, 2017). "Black Lightning' Gets Premiere Date, Post-'Flash' Time Slot By the CW". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved November 16, 2017.
0"Comedy Central Is Corporate Scripted Series Premieres on Wednesday, January 17 with Back-to-Back Episodes" (Press release). Comedy Central. December 12, 2017. Retrieved January 11, 2018.
0Shapiro, Hannah (January 7, 2018). "How Rich Is Tabatha Coffey? The 'Relative Success' Host's Net Worth Doesn't Just Come From Reality TV". Bustle. Retrieved September 20, 2018.
0Trolls: The Beat Goes On Netflix series gets first image; TV special dated Toon Barn, October 21, 2017
0"Neil Cavuto To Anchor Two Hour 'Cavuto Live' On Fox News Channel's Saturdays". Deadline. 13 Dec 2017.
0Pedersen, Erik (October 16, 2017). "'The Alienist' Premiere Date & Trailer: Brühl, Evans, Fanning & TNT Trek Back To 1890s New York". Deadine. Retrieved October 16, 2017.
0Spangler, Todd (November 8, 2017). "HBO Launches Steven Soderbergh's Interactive Storytelling App Mosaic Ahead of TV Premiere". Variety. Retrieved November 14, 2017.
0Saad, Nardine (January 10, 2018). "Ann Curry is back on PBS with historical series 'We'll Meet Again'". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved June 30, 2018.
0White, Brian J. (January 25, 2018). "How to watch 'Tom vs Time,' Tom Brady's new show on Facebook - The Boston Globe". Boston Globe. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0Amazon, Sky Team on Jez Butterworth’s ‘Britannia,’ Starring Kelly Reilly Variety, August 3, 2016
0Andreeva, Nellie (December 19, 2017). "'Step Up: High Water': Trailer & Premiere Date For YouTube Red Series Based On Film Franchise". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 22, 2018.
0Petski, Denise (December 14, 2017). "NBC's 'A.P. Bio' Gets February Preview Date, 'This Is Us' Midseason Return Moved Back A Week". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved December 14, 2017.
0Fernandez, Matt (January 12, 2018). "TV News Roundup: Netflix Releases Trailer for Cyberpunk Series 'Altered Carbon' (Watch)". Variety. Retrieved January 12, 2018.
0Petski, Denise (January 16, 2018). "'Bear Grylls: Face The Wild' & 'Fly Guys' Unscripted Series Ordered By Facebook". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0"Bravo Media Mixes Business with Friendship in The New Series "Bethenny & Fredrik" Premiering Tuesday, February 6 at 10PM ET/PT". The Futon Critic (Press release). December 12, 2017. Retrieved September 20, 2018.
0Webb Mitovich, Matt (December 1, 2017). "CBS Pits Celeb Big Brother vs. Olympics, Sets Date for 30th Amazing Race". TV Line. Retrieved December 1, 2017.
0Petski, Denise (December 19, 2017). "'Here And Now': Alan Ball's Series Gets Premiere Date On HBO". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved January 9, 2018.
0Mason, Charlie (2017-12-18). "Trump-Themed Cartoon President Premiere Date Announced by Showtime". TVLine. Retrieved 2017-12-18.
0Snierson, Dan (January 8, 2018). "The Bachelor Winter Games cast, premiere date revealed". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved January 8, 2018.
0Spangler, Todd (February 13, 2018). "NASCAR's Bubba Wallace Docu-Series Coming to Facebook Watch". Variety. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0Netflix (2018-01-12), Everything Sucks! | Date Announcement [HD] | Netflix, retrieved 2018-01-16
0Roush, Nick (February 14, 2018). "Kentucky Launches New Facebook Series "Inside the Madness: University of Kentucky Basketball"". Kentucky Sports Radio. Retrieved February 14, 2018.
0"Joel McHale Unveils Topical Weekly Show For Netflix". Deadline Hollywood. January 19, 2018.
0Haven, Riely (2018-02-13). "It's Time to Meet the Peetes!". Parade. Retrieved April 18, 2018.
0"PBS KIDS Announces New Series PINKALICIOUS & PETERRIFIC, Premiering February 19, 2018". PBS.org. PBS. Retrieved 17 May 2017.
0Nordyke, Kimberly (March 30, 2017). "Cartoon Network Greenlights Two New Series as Part of "Holistic" Multiplatform Slate". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved December 5, 2017.
0"Gavin O'Connor Working on Veena Sud Netflix Project". Slashfilm. 2016-10-05. Retrieved 2016-10-11.
0Knight Squad ⚔️ | BRAND NEW Series Official Super Trailer | Nick. Nickelodeon. February 5, 2018. Retrieved July 11, 2018 – via YouTube.
0TBS Renews ‘American Dad’ for Two More Seasons, Sets Monday Night Animation Block Variety, January 11, 2018
0Andreeva, Nellie (November 16, 2017). "'Rise' To Succeed 'This Is Us' On Tuesday, 'Good Girls' Gets 'The Braves' Slot On NBC". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved November 16, 2017.
0"CBS Announces Winter Scheduling Plans for 2018". The Futon Critic. December 1, 2017. Retrieved December 1, 2017.
0‘Unsolved’ Drama About Tupac & Biggie’s Murders Gets USA Network Series Order Deadline Hollywood, May 12, 2017
0Kinane, Ruth (2018-01-30). "Winter Break: Hunter Mountain from Jersey Shore producers gets premiere date". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved August 15, 2018.
0Rose, Lacey (February 27, 2018). "ABC Orders Alec Baldwin Talk Show, Plans Post-Oscars Sneak Peek (Exclusive)". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved May 15, 2018.
0"The CW Announces Midseason Premiere Dates". The Futon Critic. January 7, 2018. Retrieved January 7, 2018.
0D'Alessandro, Anthony (January 10, 2018). "Mindy Kaling's 'Champions' Character Arc Teased; NBC Comedy Series Gets Premiere Date – TCA". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved January 10, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (30 September 2018). "'The Oath': Premiere Date & Teaser For Crackle Drama From EP Curtis "50 Cent" Jackson". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved 30 November 2017.
0Romano, Nick (March 10, 2018). "Nailed It is the Netflix series about baking fails you didn't know you needed". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved September 29, 2018.
0Andreev, Nellie (January 8, 2018). "ABC Slates Midseason Premiere Dates For 'Grey's Anatomy' Spinoff, 'For the People' & More, Sets 'American Idol' Air Pattern". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved January 8, 2018.
0Haring, Bruce (March 9, 2018). "Facebook Watch Reunites 'Miami Ink' And 'NY Ink' Casts For 'The Tattoo Shop'". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0"'On My Block' Trailer: First Look At Netflix Comedy From 'Awkward' Creator Lauren Iungerich & Premiere Date". Deadline. January 30, 2018. Retrieved September 29, 2018.
0"NBC Sets Sunday Lineup with "Little Big Shots," "Genius Junior"". The Futon Critic. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
0"Krypton Premiere Date Set For March 21". comicbookresources. 29 December 2017.
0Petski, Denise (January 29, 2018). "'Alexa & Katie' Gets Premiere Date On Netflix; First-Look Photos". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 29, 2018.
0Wright, Megh (January 9, 2018). "Bill Hader's HBO Series 'Barry' Debuts in March". Splitsider. Retrieved January 9, 2018.
0"'AMC Orders 'The Terror' Anthology Drama Series From Scott Free", Deadline Hollywood, March 2, 2016
0Petski, Denise (5 January 2018). "FX Sets 'Atlanta' & 'The Americans' Return Dates, 'Trust' Premiere – TCA". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved 5 January 2018.
0Nickelodeon Debuts “Keep It Spotless” March 26 The Blog is Right, March 21, 2018. Retrieved June 29, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie; Gerard, Jeremy (April 19, 2017). "Freeform Picks Up Mermaid Drama 'Siren' & 'Hollywood Movie Night' To Series". Deadline Hollywood.
0MacDonald, Lindsay (January 14, 2018). "Marcia Clark Headlines New Series, Marcia Clark Investigates the First 48". TV Guide. Retrieved June 30, 2018.
0"Head to the Creek for Endless Adventure with 'Craig of the Creek' Beginning Monday, Feb. 19 on Cartoon Network" (Press release). Cartoon Network. February 15, 2018. Retrieved February 15, 2018 – via The Futon Critic.
0McLennan, Cindy (February 20, 2018). "The Dangerous Book for Boys: Season One; Amazon Releases Premiere Date, Trailer, Photos - canceled TV shows - TV Series Finale". TV Series Finale. Retrieved February 20, 2018.
0Porter, Rick (April 3, 2018). "Saturday cable ratings: Final Four scores for TBS, up from 2016". TV by the Numbers. Retrieved April 3, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (November 13, 2017). "Nickelodeon Greenlights 'Star Falls' Buddy Comedy Series; Renews 'I Am Frankie' For Season 2". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved August 13, 2018.
0Quinn, Dave (February 22, 2018). "'Pony' Singer Ginuwine Finds Drama and Romance on the Urban Theater Circuit in New Bravo Series". People. Retrieved September 20, 2018.
0"New Mike Greenberg morning show "Get Up" will debut April 2". awfulannouncing.com. 2018-01-12. Retrieved June 5, 2018.
0Alexander, Julia. "'The Boss Baby, just nominated for a Golden Globe, gets a Netflix series". Polygon. Retrieved December 12, 2017.
0Lodderhose, Diana (21 June 2017). "IMG Boards BBC America's 'Killing Eve' With Sandra Oh". Deadline.
0"'Fixer Upper' Spinoff Series to Premiere on HGTV". HGTV.com. Retrieved June 7, 2018.
0David, Joshua (April 10, 2018). "Erica Ash Talks "In Contempt" & Educating our Community about the Judicial System". Ebony.
0Pena, Jessica (March 21, 2018). "Imposters, Southern Charm, Sell It Like Serhant: Seven Shows to Premiere on Bravo in April". TVSeriesFinale. Retrieved September 20, 2018.
0Barsanti, Sam (October 16, 2017). "Wyatt Cenac gets his own late-night HBO series". The A.V. Club. Retrieved March 8, 2018.
0Albert, Jared (February 20, 2018). "welcome to paw-tucket! discovery family introduces the new pet-centric world of littlest pet shop: a world of our own premiering saturday, april 14" (PDF). Discovery Family.
0"Southern Charm New Orleans Stars Reveal the Big Easy Secrets Only Locals Know". E!. April 11, 2018. Retrieved September 20, 2018.
0Steinberg, Brian (June 16, 2016). "Netflix Readies Animated 'Spy Kids,' 'Llama Llama' Series (EXCLUSIVE)". Variety. Retrieved July 1, 2016.
0Valdez, Nick (February 3, 2018). "Netflix's 'Aggretsuko' Anime Series Reveals Trailer And Release Date". Comicbook.com. Retrieved July 6, 2018.
0Tartaglione, Nancy (October 18, 2017). "'Skam': Facebook Watch Orders U.S. Version Of Norwegian Teen Hit – Mipcom". Deadline. Retrieved November 20, 2017.
0Nemetz, Dave (May 2, 2018). "Cobra Kai Review: Karate Kid Sequel Does More Than Just Wax Nostalgic". TVLine. Retrieved May 3, 2018.
0Haring, Bruce (April 27, 2018). "Tamera Mowry-Housley To Host 'Help Us Get Married!' Interactive Wedding Docuseries For Facebook Watch". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0Haring, Bruce (April 16, 2018). "Carol Burnett's Netflix Series 'A Little Help' Spotlighting Kids Sets Guests & Premiere Date". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 29, 2018.
0Ressler, Karen (April 19, 2018). "My Hero Academia to Air on Toonami". Anime News Network. Retrieved October 1, 2018.
0Travers, Ben (March 8, 2018). "SXSW 2018: 10 Must-See TV Events, From 'The Last O.G.' Premiere to a Real-Life 'Westworld'". IndieWire. Retrieved April 10, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (January 12, 2018). "Starz Sets Premiere Dates For Rookie Dramas 'Howards End', 'Vida' & Sweetbitter' – TCA". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved January 12, 2018.
0Mizoguchi, Karen (April 23, 2018). "Jada Pinkett Smith, Daughter Willow & Mom Adrienne Launch 'Deeply Personal' Facebook Talk Show". People. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0Steinberg, Brian (April 12, 2018). "New 'Rocky & Bullwinkle', 'Kung Fu Panda' Series From DreamWorks Animation TV Headed To Amazon". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 3, 2018.
0Palmieri, Lea (April 11, 2018). "'All Night' on Hulu Is The New 'Can't Hardly Wait' of 2018 [EXCLUSIVE]". Decider. Retrieved April 30, 2018.
0Otterson, Joe (April 26, 2018). "CBS Sets 'Undercover Boss: Celebrity Edition' With New Series to Debut in May". Variety. Retrieved April 27, 2018.
0Flores, Terry (May 11, 2018). "Comedy Dream Team Plays With History in New Netflix Kids & Family Series 'The Who Was? Show'". Variety. Retrieved September 29, 2018.
0"Universal Kids grows unscripted originals lineup". kidscreen.com. Retrieved March 6, 2018.
0"PBS Celebrates the Joy of Reading With THE GREAT AMERICAN READ (w.t.)". pbs.org. Retrieved July 30, 2017.
0Pedersen, Erik (May 23, 2018). "Summer Premiere Dates For New & Returning Series: 2018 Edition". Deadline Hollywood.
0Carras, Christi (April 11, 2018). "TV News Roundup: Wayne Brady Among Four to Join 'Colony' Season 3". Variety. Retrieved April 11, 2018.
0Petski, Deniss (2018-05-04). "'Cults & Extreme Belief': A&E Investigates To Focus On NXIVM In Series Premiere". Deadline. Retrieved August 1, 2018.
0Nemetz, Dave (2018-04-09). "Sarah Shahi Sci-Fi Thriller Reverie Gets Summer Premiere Date at NBC". TVLine. Retrieved 2018-04-24.
0Collis, Clark (May 18, 2018). "Kat Dennings and John Cena are animated space truckers in 'Dallas and Robo' trailer". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved October 2, 2018.
0Anop, Nirat (9 October 2017). "Cinemax 2018 Programming Lineup". SpoilerTV.com. Retrieved 11 November 2017.
0Petski, Denise (27 December 2017). "Ryan Murphy's Dance Musical 'Pose' Gets Series Order At FX". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved 27 December 2017.
0Pedersen, Erik (April 26, 2018). "'Succession': Premiere Date Set For HBO's Media-Family Drama". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved April 26, 2018.
0Contes, Brandon (May 15, 2018). "High Noon to Debut June 4th on ESPN". Barrett Sports Media. Retrieved June 5, 2018.
0Goldberg, Lesley (November 7, 2017). "Julianna Margulies to Star in AMC's 'Dietland'". The Hollywood Reporter.
0McNiece, Mia (May 16, 2018). "Kerry Washington to Produce High School Drama Series for Facebook Watch". People. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0Nemetz, Dave (May 10, 2018). "Impulse Trailer: A Teen Girl Taps Into Strange Powers In YouTube's Thriller". TVLine. Retrieved May 10, 2018.
0"Exclusive: Mira Sorvino, Brendan Fraser remix a Sydney Pollack classic in gripping 'Condor' trailer".
0"New Scripted Dramedy AMERICAN WOMAN Premieres on Paramount Network, 6/7". Broadway World. January 16, 2018. Retrieved January 16, 2018.
0Wagmeister, Elizabeth (April 7, 2016). "Freeform Greenlights Marvel Romance Superhero Series 'Cloak and Dagger'". Variety.
0Rife, Katie (May 23, 2018). "Here's what's coming to (and leaving from) Netflix in June". The AV Club.
0"Summer Premiere Dates For New & Returning Series: 2018 Edition". Deadline. May 23, 2018. Retrieved June 11, 2018.
0Spangler, Todd (May 30, 2018). "Instagram Star Huda Kattan Gets Her Own Reality Show on Facebook Watch". Variety. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (March 20, 2018). "Fox Summer Premiere Dates: 'MasterChef', New Ramsay Series, 'SYTYCD', Game Shows & More". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved March 20, 2018.
0Ramos, Dino-Ray (April 19, 2018). "CBS All Access Sets Premiere Date For 'Strange Angel'". Deadline. Retrieved April 19, 2018.
0"ABC Entertainment Announces Premiere Dates for "The Proposal," "Match Game" and "Take Two"". The Futon Critic. Retrieved May 14, 2018.
0Milligan, Mercedes (March 4, 2016). "Disney XD Announces 'Billy Dilly' and 'Country Club'". Animation Magazine. Retrieved April 30, 2016.
0"Actor John Michael Higgins Named as Host of Game Show Network's New Survey-Based Show, America Says Premiering June 18" (Press release). GSN Corporate. May 16, 2018. Retrieved June 18, 2018.
0Petski, Denise (May 8, 2018). "'Love Is___' Premiere Date Set On OWN". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 8, 2018.
0D'Alessandro, Anthony (January 15, 2018). "'Yellowstone': Taylor Sheridan On Working After 'Wind River' & Paramount Network Boss On Moving Away From Weinstein Co". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved January 15, 2018.
0"Paradise Found in New HGTV Series "My Aloha Dream Home" Premiering Friday, June 22, at 9 p.m. ET/PT". The Futon Critic. June 19, 2018. Retrieved June 20, 2018.
0"Molly Yeh Joins Food Network With Brand-New Series "Girl Meets Farm"". PR Newswire. May 15, 2018. Retrieved June 11, 2018.
0"Food Network Celebrates Wedding Season with a Night Full of Top-Tier Cakes on Monday, June 25th". The Futon Critic. May 23, 2018. Retrieved June 11, 2018.
0Weiss, Geoff (June 7, 2018). "Here's The Trailer For Liza Koshy's Original YouTube Series 'Liza On Demand' - Tubefilter". Tubefilter. Retrieved June 8, 2018.
0"'Pop Team Epic' Coming to Toonami". Comicbook. June 16, 2018. Retrieved October 1, 2018.
0Fusaro, Hannah (June 26, 2018). "Save Room for Something Sweet: Kandi Koated Nights Is Coming to Bravo (UPDATED)". Bravo. Retrieved September 20, 2018.
0Wright, Megh (June 5, 2018). "Derrick Beckles and Eric Andre's New Show Looks Insane and Disgusting". Vulture. Retrieved June 5, 2018.
0Petski, Denise (March 30, 2017). "Cartoon Network Unveils 2017-2018 Slate; Six New & Seven Returning Series & More – Upfronts". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved June 7, 2018.
0Malec, Brett (2018-04-04). "Kristin Cavallari Opens Up Her Nashville Life in New E! Docu-Series Very Cavallari!". E! Online. Retrieved July 19, 2018.
0"CNBC's New Primetime Series "Deadly Rich" Debuts July 9 at 10PM ET/PT". The Futon Critic. June 19, 2018. Retrieved June 20, 2018.
0"The CW Network Sets Summer 2018 Premiere Dates". The Futon Critic. April 10, 2018. Retrieved April 10, 2018.
0"TLC Will Premiere a Full Season of Internet Sensation Dr. Pimple Popper on July 11 at 10:00 p.m. ET/PT" (Press release). New York: Discovery, Inc. June 14, 2018. Retrieved June 28, 2018.
0"CBS Sets Summer Premiere Dates For 'Big Brother', 'TKO' & 'Salvation' Season 2". Deadline. May 22, 2018. Retrieved May 22, 2018.
0"truTV on Twitter". Twitter.
0‘Fancy Nancy’ Set to Become Disney Junior Movie, TV Series Variety, March 27, 2015
0"Netflix, Dreamworks Partner for Six Animated Shows in 2018, Including 'Trolls,' 'Boss Baby' Series". Variety. December 12, 2017.
0"Netflix Continues to Take on Food Network With 'Sugar Rush'". The Daily Meal. July 6, 2018. Retrieved September 29, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (July 2, 2018). "'Whistleblower' & 'Pink Collar Crimes': CBS Sets New True-Crime Series For July". Deadline Hollywood.
0Petski, Denise (July 9, 2018). "Sacha Baron Cohen Series 'Who Is America? To Premiere Sunday On Showtime". Deadline Hollywood.
0McCarthy, Sean L. (2018-03-27). "CAROLINE RHEA WILL HOST A HOME VIDEO GAME SHOW FOR GSN: "CAROLINE & FRIENDS"". The Comic’s Con. Retrieved August 14, 2018.
0www.telemundo.com/shows/2018/06/26/exatlon-estados-unidos-llega-telemundo-el-16-de-julio-las-76c-video
0Hipes, Patrick; Chmielewski, Dawn C. (June 6, 2018). "Facebook Sets Original News Slate, With ABC News, CNN, Fox News & More Aboard". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 25, 2018.
0Weiss, Geoff (June 11, 2018). "LeBron James-Produced YouTube Premium Series 'Best Shot' Drops July 18 (Trailer) - Tubefilter". Tubefilter. Retrieved June 11, 2018.
0Fischer, Sara (June 12, 2018). "Quartz launches new business show with Facebook Watch". Axios. Retrieved September 25, 2018.
0"'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles' CG Animated Series Gets 2D Reboot at Nickelodeon". Variety. March 2, 2017. Retrieved March 3, 2017.
0"Prospects (TV Series 2018– )".
0Lopez, Matt (July 10, 2018). "Buzzfeed's "Profile" is the Latest Facebook Funded News Show Coming to Watch - VideoInk". VideoInk. Retrieved September 25, 2018.
0Ramos, Dino-Ray (January 8, 2018). "WWE 'Miz & Mrs.' Docuseries Set At USA Network". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved January 9, 2018.
0Petski, Denise (May 2, 2018). "'Castle Rock' Gets Premiere Date On Hulu; Unveils New Teaser Featuring Bill Skarsgård & Andre Holland". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 2, 2018.
0Carras, Christi (June 25, 2018). "TV News Roundup: Gloria Estefan to Guest Star in 'One Day at a Time' Season 3". Variety. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0"Netflix takes hold of eOne's Cupcake & Dino". kidscreen.com. Kidscreen. October 10, 2017. Retrieved September 29, 2018.
0"RELAX AND UNTWINE, NBC'S NEW COMPETITION SERIES 'MAKING IT' CRAFTS ITS DEBUT WITH TUESDAY, JULY 31 PREMIERE | NBCUniversal". 2018-03-07. Retrieved 18 May 2018.
0"Discovery Highlights America's Unsung Heroes in All-New Series "Hard to Kill" Premiering July 31". The Futon Critic. June 11, 2018. Retrieved June 13, 2018.
0Jarvey, Natalie (July 27, 2018). "Brat to Debut Teen Soap 'Turnt' on Facebook Watch (Exclusive)". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (May 24, 2018). "CMT Greenlights 'Bachelorette Weekend' Series From 'Jersey Shore' Creator & Renews 'Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders'". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved June 7, 2018.
0Ramos, Dino-Ray (July 2, 2018). "Late-Night HBO Series 'Random Acts Of Flyness' Sets Premiere Date". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved August 20, 2018.
0Vogel, Mitch (May 12, 2018). "The Mega Man Animated Series Will Be Called Mega Man: Fully Charged". Nintendo Life. Retrieved July 16, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (July 11, 2018). "Meredith Vieira To Host '25 Words or Less' Game Show For Trial Run On Fox Stations". Deadline Hollywood.
0Andreeva, Nellie (4 October 2016). "AMC Orders Drama Series 'Lodge 49' Produced By Paul Giamatti". Deadline Hollywood.
0Schnurr, Samantha (July 23, 2018). "Lewis Howes to Host Talk Show Inspiring Life on Facebook Watch". E! News. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (June 20, 2018). "'Castaways': ABC Launches Reality-Competition Series With A Twist – Trailer & Premiere Date". Deadline Hollywood.
0Petski, Denise (June 14, 2018). "Rev Run Comedy 'All About The Washingtons' Gets Premiere Date On Netflix". Deadline Hollywood.
0Mitovich, Matt Webb (July 10, 2018). "Debby Ryan's 'Insatiable' Beauty Queen Series Gets Netflix Premiere Date". TVLine.
0Staff (July 25, 2018). "Food Network Serves Up Buzz-Worthy Culinary Trends, Recipes, & Food Hacks on New Series LET'S EAT". Broadway World. Retrieved August 12, 2018.
0Petski, Denise (June 28, 2018). "'Ronny Chieng: International Student' Series Set On Comedy Central App". Deadline Hollywood.
0Holub, Christian (July 16, 2018). "Marvel Rising aims to create superhero stories for a new generation of female fans". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved July 18, 2018.
0Petski, Denise (August 8, 2018). "Refinery29 Sets 'After After Party' Nightly Talk Show On Facebook Watch". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0Goldberg, Leslie (2017-07-25). "Abbi Jacobson to Lead Voice Cast for Netflix's Animated Matt Groening Comedy". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved 2017-07-25.
0TLCme (August 2, 2018). "New Series 'Little Life on the Prairie' Follows this Farming Family". TLC. Retrieved September 4, 2018.
0"'ROB RIGGLE'S SKI MASTER ACADEMY' OPENS FOR BUSINESS THURSDAY, AUGUST 23 ON SONY CRACKLE". Broadcasting & Cable. July 10, 2018. Retrieved September 30, 2018.
0Ramos, Dino-Ray (July 2, 2018). "'One Dollar' Premiere Date Set At CBS All Access". Deadline. Retrieved July 2, 2018.
0Corinthios, Aurelie (2018-08-07). "On MTV's Pretty Little Mamas, Young Moms Boast 'High Fashion, Cute Boys and the Hottest Parties'". People. Retrieved August 15, 2018.
0Agard, Chancellor (January 30, 2018). "Watch Amazon's explosive 'Jack Ryan' Super Bowl ad before it airs". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved March 13, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (April 4, 2018). "Netflix Orders Cop Animated Comedy Series From 'Brickleberry' Creators; Voice Cast Includes Tom Kenny & Sarah Chalke". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved April 4, 2018.
0CN, Teletoon open up Total Drama Daycare Kidscreen, December 19, 2017
0Breznican, Anthony (August 23, 2018). "First Look: Watch the trailer for the 1980s-inspired Transformers: Cyberverse". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved August 24, 2018.
0Rice, Lynette (5 January 2018). "Sons of Anarchy spinoff Mayans MC picked up to series by FX". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved 25 January 2018.
0Mitovich, Matt Webb (June 28, 2018). "The Purge Series Gets USA Network Premiere Date — Watch Trailer". TVLine.
0Weinberg, Lindsay. "E! to Debut Fashion Week Docu-Series 'Model Squad'". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved July 11, 2018.
0White, Peter (September 17, 2018). "Facebook Watch Gets Into Magic With 'Troy The Magician' From 'I Wanna Marry Harry' Producer Zig Zag". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0Staff. "Tyler Florence Finds the Nation's Best Chefs on Bite Club". Food Network.
0Chignall, Selena (July 31, 2018). "Discovery Family preps Cakehouse Media's "Bake It Like Buddy"". Realscreen. Retrieved August 18, 2018.
0Highfill, Samantha (March 15, 2018). "Lifetime announces fall premiere date for YOU starring Penn Badgley". Entertainment Weekly.
0Matt Webb Mitovich (May 14, 2018). "Fox Fall Schedule: Last Man Standing Reclaims Friday Slot, Gotham's Final Season Held, 9-1-1, Gifted on the Move". TVLine.
0Pedersen, Erik (June 7, 2018). "'Shameless' Season 9 & Jim Carrey Comedy 'Kidding' Get Showtime Premiere Dates". Deadline Hollywood.
0Petski, Denise (May 1, 2018). "E!: Ashlee Simpson-Ross & Evan Ross, Busy Philipps Series, 'E! True Hollywood Story' Return Among Series Greenlights". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 2, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (2018-07-23). "ABC News Confirms Sara Haines Leaving 'The View' To Do Third Hour Of 'GMA' With Michael Strahan – Update". Deadline. Retrieved 2018-07-26.
0"Christiane Amanpour Will Lead New PBS Late-Night Program (Exclusive)". hollywoodreporter.com. The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved May 8, 2017.
0Pedersen, Erik (August 28, 2018). "Fox Sports Takes Action On 'Lock It In', Daily Sports-Gambling Show With "Cousin Sal" Iacono". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 5, 2018.
0Albiniak, Paige (January 15, 2018). "NATPE 2018: Tribune, Sinclair Pick Up 'True Crime Files' for Fall". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved September 7, 2018.
0Scott, Mike (June 15, 2017). "Hulu to shoot Mars-mission drama series 'The First' in New Orleans". NOLA.com. Retrieved December 20, 2017.
0Patches, Matt; Haasch, Palmer (21 July 2018). "Avatar: The Last Airbender team's new Netflix show The Dragon Prince drops first trailer". Polygon. Retrieved July 22, 2018.
0Petski, Denise (August 21, 2018). "'Norm MacDonald Has A Show' Gets Netflix Premiere Date; Drew Barrymore, David Spade Among Celebrity Guests". Deadline Hollywood.
0Pederson, Erik (August 2, 2018). "'Forever' Trailer: Maya Rudolph, Fred Armisen, A Ski Trip & A Changed Life In Amazon Comedy". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 13, 2018.
0Spangler, Todd (September 14, 2018). "Odell Beckham Jr. Docu-Series From LeBron James' Uninterrupted Set to Stream on Facebook". Variety. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (August 22, 2018). "'DC Daily' Set For DC Universe Streaming Service; Kevin Smith To Host Kickoff Show". Deadline Hollywood.
0Hemmert, Kylie (September 14, 2018). "Facebook Watch Debuting New Adult Aimed Animated Comedies". ComingSoon.net. Retrieved September 15, 2018.
0Gugliemi, Jodi (August 9, 2018). "The Babies Are Here! TLC's New Docuseries Sweet Home Sextuplets Set for September Premiere". People. Retrieved August 26, 2018.
0Otterson, Joe (March 1, 2018). "'The Last Jedi' Star Kelly Marie Tran Joins Elizabeth Olsen Facebook Series (EXCLUSIVE)". Variety. Retrieved August 30, 2018.
0Ausiello, Michael (May 13, 2018). "NBC Fall Schedule: SVU, The Blacklist on the Move, One Chicago Night, B99 Held to Midseason, Timeless in Limbo". TVLine.
0Schwartz, Ryan (June 10, 2018). "The Good Cop: Tony Danza/Josh Groban Netflix Dramedy Gets Premiere Date". TVLine. Retrieved June 11, 2018.
0"Silvergate's 'Hilda' Headed to Neflix". Animation World Network. January 7, 2017. Retrieved September 8, 2018.
0"'Pete the Cat' Purrs His Way to Amazon on Sept. 21". 2018-08-16.
0Evans, Greg (September 7, 2018). "Kim Kardashian West Prank Series 'You Kiddin' Me?!' Sets Premiere Date". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0Kinane, Ruth (July 9, 2018). "Jerry O'Connell to host late-night talk show for Bravo produced by Andy Cohen". Entertainment Weekly.
0Ausiello, Michael; Mitovich, Matt Webb (May 16, 2018). "CBS Fall Schedule: Magnum-Sized Monday Shake-Up, Murphy Brown Lands on Thursday, God on Sunday". TVLine.
0Ausiello, Michael; Mitovich, Matt Webb (May 15, 2018). "ABC Fall Schedule: Roseanne Returns Early, Nathan Fillion vs. Tuesday Death Slot, Fridays Get Fresh and More". TVLine.
0"Boruto: Naruto Next Generations Anime to Premiere on Toonami on September 29". Anime News Network. July 22, 2018. Retrieved October 1, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (September 19, 2018). "'Brake Room': Discovery Revs Up Gearhead Game Show Hosted By Nick Stevens". Deadline Hollywood.
0Jay, Robert (September 16, 2018). "Sony Crackle to Stream Unaired FOX Sitcom Us & Them Beginning October 1st". TVObscurities. Retrieved September 30, 2018.
0N’Duka, Amanda (July 20, 2018). "'Star Trek: Short Treks' Set On CBS All Access, 'Discovery' Season 2 Trailer Unveiled, Rebecca Romijn Joining The Cast – Comic-Con". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved July 21, 2018.
0Chmielewski, Dawn C. (September 27, 2018). "Vox Media Launches 'Consider It' On Facebook Watch". Deadline Hollywood.
0Chmielewski, Dawn C. (May 2, 2018). "Hulu Renews 'The Handmaid's Tale', Inks Deal With DreamWorks Animation, Passes 20 Million Subscribers – Newfront". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 2, 2018.
0"'Drag Race's Alyssa Edwards to Star in Netflix Docu-Series: Watch the Trailer". Billboard. Retrieved 2018-08-25.
0Schwartz, Ryan (2018-04-26). "Star Wars: The Force Awakens Prequel Series Ordered at Disney Channel". TVLine. Retrieved April 26, 2018.
0Ausiello, Michael (May 17, 2018). "The CW Fall Schedule: Supergirl and Charmed Take Over Sunday, Arrow Targets Monday, Jane Held to '19". TVLine.
0Haring, Bruce (July 28, 2018). "'The Romanoffs': Amazon Sets Premiere Date, Unveils Teaser For Matt Weiner Series – TCA". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved July 28, 2018.
0Chmielewski, Dawn (August 13, 2018). "Hulu Sets Premiere Dates For 'Light As A Feather', Season 2 Of 'Marvel's Runaways'". Deadline Hollywood.
0"Disney Channel Starts Production on "Coop and Cami Ask the World"". Nickandmore. Retrieved May 10, 2018.
0Mitovich, Matt Webb (August 27, 2018). "Haunting of Hill House Netflix Series Gets Release Date, First Photos". TVLine.
0Andreeva, Nellie (April 25, 2017). "DC Digital Service To Launch With Titans Series From Greg Berlanti & Akiva Goldsman And Young Justice: Outsiders". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved April 25, 2017.
0Otterson, Joe (July 25, 2018). "'American Ninja Warrior Junior' Sets Premiere Date, Adds Olympian Laurie Hernandez as Co-Host (EXCLUSIVE)". Variety. Retrieved September 22, 2018.
0Schwartz, Ryan (July 25, 2018). "Jennifer Garner's 'Camping' Gets October Premiere Date at HBO". TVLine. Retrieved August 13, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (22 June 2018). "'Roseanne' Spinoff 'The Conners' Picked Up By ABC With No Roseanne Barr Involvement".
0Haring, Bruce (August 24, 2018). "ESPN Moving Morning Host Michelle Beadle To NBA Post-Game Show". Deadline Hollywood.
0Gomez, Patrick (August 24, 2018). "A first look at Toni Collette's Netflix series Wanderlust — plus a premiere date". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved August 25, 2018.
0Vena, Jocelyn (April 11, 2018). "Carson Kressley and Thom Filicia Are Returning to Bravo". Bravo. Retrieved September 20, 2018.
0Hohman, Maura (September 11, 2018). "Lifetime Announces 2 Married at First Sight Spinoffs: Honeymoon Island and Happily Ever After". People.
0Schwartz, Ryan (4 October 2018). "'Heathers' Reboot Gets October Premiere Date on Paramount Network". TVLine. Retrieved 4 October 2018.
0Nemetz, Dave (July 29, 2018). "Netflix's Chilling Adventures of Sabrina Gets Premiere Date (And It's Spooky)". TVLine. Retrieved July 30, 2018.
0Miller, Liz Shannon (August 9, 2018). "Hasan Minhaj to Make History With New Weekly Netflix Series 'Patriot Act'". IndieWire.
0Ray, Alyssa. "Grab Your Girls, 'Cause LADYGANG Is Heading to E! This October!". E! Online. Retrieved November 24, 2018.
0Iannucci, Rebecca (August 16, 2018). "Busy Philipps' Late-Night Talk Show Gets October Premiere at E!". TVLine.
0Haring, Bruce; Tartaglione, Nancy (July 26, 2018). "Irwin Family Will Return To Animal Planet This Fall With New Series". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved August 17, 2018.
0Petski, Denise. "E! Sets New Late-Night Pop Culture Show 'Nightly Pop'". Deadline. Retrieved November 24, 2018.
0Evans, Greg (August 5, 2018). "'Tell Me A Story' Trailer: Dark Fairy Tales Come Knocking This Halloween On CBS All Access – TCA". Deadline Hollywood.
0Pedersen, Erik (June 29, 2018). "'Homecoming': First-Look Photos From Julia Roberts' Amazon Series". Deadline Hollywood.
0"Genius Brands Broadens Spectrum of 'Rainbow Rangers' Partners". Animation Magazine Online. May 11, 2018.
0CNN Gives New Roles to Clarissa Ward, Brianna Keilar, Julia Chatterley Variety, July 11, 2018
0Origin [@OriginSeries] (August 27, 2018). "This is the beginning. Be ready to #LeaveEarth: #OriginSeries premieres Nov. 14" (Tweet). Archived from the original on August 28, 2018. Retrieved October 2, 2018 – via Twitter.
0Schwartz, Ryan (July 29, 2018). "The Kominsky Method: Michael Douglas Netflix Comedy Gets Premiere Date". TVLine. Retrieved July 30, 2018.
0Strause, Jackie (July 18, 2018). "Netflix Releases First Look at Reset 'Narcos: Mexico'". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved September 29, 2018.
0"Let's Go Luna!': Judy Greer Leads Voice Cast For New PBS Kids Series – Watch An Exclusive Clip". Deadline Hollywood. 2018-05-09. Retrieved May 9, 2018.
0Evans, Greg (September 10, 2018). "Catherine Zeta-Jones Series 'Queen America' Sets Facebook Watch Premiere Date". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie; Petski, Denise (January 30, 2018). "'Dirty John': Bravo Gives 2-Season Order To True Crime Anthology Series, Oxygen Greenlights Companion Docuseries". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved February 26, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (March 9, 2018). "Disney Channel Sets Fast Layne, Live-Action Series from Zeke and Luther Duo". Deadline Hollywood. Penske Media Corporation. Retrieved March 9, 2018.
0McCluskey, Megan (June 6, 2018). "No One Is Safe in the Chillling New Teasers for George R.R. Martin's Nightflyers Series". Time. Retrieved August 20, 2018.
0Petski, Denise (August 8, 2018). "Adult Swim Orders Animated Series 'The Shivering Truth' & 'Tigtone'". Deadline Hollywood.
0Petski, Denise (March 8, 2018). "Nickelodeon Orders Live-Action Comedy 'Cousins for Life'". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved June 7, 2018.
0"TBS Greenlights 'Close Enough,' New Animated Series from J.G. Quintel". Animation World Network. Retrieved 30 May 2017.
0"Netflix Picks Up 'Green Eggs and Ham' Animated Series From Ellen DeGeneres". Deadline Hollywood Post. April 30, 2015. Retrieved April 30, 2015.
0"Love Alarm Set to Become Netflix First Korean Original Series". Netflix Media Center. Retrieved 2017-01-05.
0"'Trollhunters' Universe Will Expand Into The Trilogy Series 'Tales of Arcadia'". Cartoon Brew. November 7, 2017. Retrieved July 16, 2018.
0"Cartoon Network Rolls Out Largest-Ever Slate, Deepens Creative Bench". Deadline Hollywood. March 2018. Retrieved March 8, 2018.
0"'DC Super Hero Girls': Cartoon Network Sets Toon Series For 2018". Deadline Hollywood. May 23, 2017. Retrieved May 23, 2017.
0Andreeva, Nellie (April 20, 2017). "Greg Berlanti & Sera Gamble Drama 'You' Gets Straight-To-Series Order At Lifetime".
0Andreeva, Nellie (May 25, 2017). "Robert Zemeckis-Produced UFO Drama 'Blue Book' Gets Series Order By History". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 6, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (January 5, 2018). "'Zombies' Trailer & Premiere Date: Disney Channel Teen Romp Set For February". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved February 6, 2018.
0Foster, Elizabeth (January 9, 2018). "Nickelodeon sets premiere date for Blurt". Kidscreen. Brunico Communications. Retrieved February 6, 2018.
0"Never-Before-Seen Documentary "Billy Graham: An Extraordinary Journey" to Air Sunday, March 4, on FOX". The Futon Critic. February 28, 2018. Retrieved June 26, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (January 11, 2018). "'The Zen Diaries Of Garry Shandling': HBO To Air 4 1/2-Hour Documentary From Judd Apatow In The Spring – TCA". Deadline. Retrieved July 16, 2018.
0Jesus Christ Superstar Live, retrieved 2017-11-04
0"ALL-NEW TWO-HOUR SPECIAL "MEGHAN MARKLE: AN AMERICAN PRINCESS". Fox. Retrieved May 5, 2018.
0Towle, Andy (May 21, 2018). "'Alone in the Game' Explores the Struggle to Be Openly Gay or Transgender in Pro Sports: WATCH". Towleroad. Retrieved June 28, 2018.
0"A&E Network on Twitter". Twitter.
0Petski, Denise (April 10, 2018). "Bruce Willis Roast Set At Comedy Central". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved June 21, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (29 September 2017). "'Freaky Friday' Musical Set At Disney Channel Starring Heidi Blickenstaff & Cozi Zuehlsdorff". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved 30 September 2017.
0Mitovich, Matt (May 10, 2018). "Final Sharknado, Wynonna Earp and Killjoys Get Syfy Summer Dates". TVLine.
0Andreeva, Nellie (February 21, 2018). "Mckenna Grace To Play Young Lead In Rob Lowe's 'The Bad Seed' Lifetime Remake, Original's Patty McCormack To Co-Star". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved August 29, 2018.
0Falcone, Dana Rose (September 13, 2018). "Shannen Doherty Returns to TV After Fighting Cancer: 'I'm an Actor First and Foremost'". People. Retrieved September 14, 2018.
0Pena, Jessica (May 15, 2018). "Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law: Harvey Gets a Promotion for New Adult Swim Special". TVSeriesFinale. Retrieved May 16, 2018.
0Ting, Jasmine. "The 'Hocus Pocus' Cast Reunited for the Film's 25th Anniversary, and You Won't Believe What They Look Like Now". Cosmopolitan. Retrieved October 17, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (2018-10-19). "'Road To Evolution' Special Set For USA Network; Follows Journey To WWE's First All-Female PPV Event". Deadline. Retrieved October 24, 2018.
0Evans, Greg (2018-09-27). "NBC Treats Halloween Season With Broadway 'Wicked' Concert". Deadline. Retrieved October 14, 2018.
0Donnelly, Jim. "Mickey's 90th Spectacular Airs Sunday November 4 on ABC". ABC. Retrieved October 24, 2018.
0Evans, Greg (September 12, 2018). "'The Ballad Of Buster Scruggs' Trailer: James Franco Hangs Out In Coen Bros' Netflix Western Anthology". Deadline Hollywood.
0Iannucci, Rebecca (June 13, 2018). "One Tree Hill Mystery Solved: Stars Reuniting for Lifetime Christmas Movie". TVLine. Retrieved June 14, 2018.
0Gelman, Vlada (September 24, 2018). "One Tree Hill Reunion Special to Accompany Cast's Christmas TV-Movie". TVLine.
0McCarthy, Kelly. "New documentary takes a closer look at Meghan Markle's life as the Duchess of Sussex". ABC News. Retrieved November 22, 2018.
0Donnelly, Jim. "I'm Coming Home Is Coming Thanksgiving Night!". ABC. Retrieved November 22, 2018.
0Hohman, Maura. "Merry Chrissy-mas! John Legend and Chrissy Teigen Are Getting Their Own Holiday Special". People. Retrieved November 22, 2018.
0Gibaldi, Gabriel. "Disney Parks Brings Star-Studded Celebrations to ABC and Disney Channel This Holiday Season". Disney Parks Blog. Retrieved November 22, 2018.
0Boda, Charles. "Disney Announces ABC, Disney Channel 2018 Holiday Special Details". WDW Info. Retrieved November 22, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik. "Garth Brooks 'Live At Notre Dame' Set For December On CBS". Deadline. Retrieved November 20, 2018.
0Wagmeister, Elizabeth (April 19, 2017). "'Life-Size' Sequel Movie Starring Tyra Banks Officially Greenlit at Freeform". Variety. Retrieved April 21, 2016.
0Petski, Denise (June 27, 2018). "Dave & Odette Annable To Star In Freeform Movie 'No Sleep 'Til Christmas'". Deadline Hollywood.
0"NICKELODEON'S BRAND-NEW TV SPECIAL ROCKO'S MODERN LIFE: STATIC CLING REUNITES ORIGINAL VOICE CAST TO REPRISE ROLES". Nickelodeon Press. June 22, 2017. Retrieved July 23, 2017.
0"WEINSTEIN TELEVISION'S EPIC SCRIPTED EVENT SERIES "WACO," LANDS ON SPIKE TV". Spike. October 26, 2016. Archived from the original on September 9, 2017. Retrieved May 16, 2017.
0Baldwin, Kristen (January 30, 2018). "Rose McGowan's Citizen Rose: An E! reality show worth watching". EW.com. Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved September 20, 2018.
0Strause, Jackie (February 27, 2018). "'The Looming Tower': Why It Was Time to Bring the 9/11 Book to TV". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved March 3, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (15 February 2017). "Starz Boards 'Howards End' BBC Limited Series; Hayley Atwell, Matthew Macfadyen & Tracey Ullman To Star". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved 9 April 2018.
0"Was It Him? Paramount Network Presents "It Was HiM: The Many Murders of Ed Edwards"". Paramount Network. Retrieved April 10, 2018.
0Nakamura, Reid (2018-04-06). "TLC to Bring Back 'This Is Life Live' Week, Sets Mother's Day Premiere (Exclusive)". The Wrap. Retrieved April 14, 2018.
0"Amy Adams, Patricia Clarkson bring Gillian Flynn's 'Sharp Objects' to life in first look". December 6, 2017. Retrieved December 10, 2017.
0"The 2000s - CNN". CNN.
0Li, Shirley (February 26, 2018). "Watch trailer for JAY-Z's Trayvon Martin docu-series". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved February 27, 2018.
0Staff, THR (August 6, 2018). "'Maniac' Trailer: Emma Stone and Jonah Hill Get Caught in "Multireality Brain Magic S—"". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved August 7, 2018.
0Evans, Greg (August 6, 2018). "Showtime Sets Date For Ben Stiller Prison Drama 'Escape At Dannemora', Releases Trailer – TCA". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 18, 2018.
0"My Brilliant Friend Debuts Sunday, Nov. 18 on HBO". HBO. September 13, 2018. Retrieved October 9, 2018.
0Littleton, Cynthia (August 15, 2017). "Epix Orders Murder Thriller 'Harry Quebert Affair' Starring Patrick Dempsey, Damon Wayans Jr". Variety. Retrieved April 26, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (January 17, 2017). "'Comedians In Cars Getting Coffee' Moves To Netflix As Part Of Big Jerry Seinfeld Deal That Includes Specials & Series". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved January 18, 2017.
0Avalos, Regina (January 7, 2018). "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs: Unaired Episodes Coming to Boomerang". TVSeriesFinale. Retrieved May 16, 2018.
0Barn, Toon (2018-01-02). "Mysticons season 2 moves to Nicktoons". Toon Barn. Retrieved 2018-01-02.
0PR, Nickelodeon (September 27, 2018). "Nickelodeon Treats Viewers to Chills and Thrills with Spooktacular Halloween-Themed Premieres Beginning Monday, October 8". The Futon Critic (Press release).
0Andreeva, Nellie (2017-04-06). "People's Choice Awards Moves From CBS To E!". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved 2017-12-14.
0Otterson, Joe (2017-11-28). "Billboard Music Awards Move From ABC to NBC in Multi-Year Deal". Variety. Retrieved 2017-12-02.
0Holloway, Daniel (2018-05-11). "'Last Man Standing' Revived by Fox for Season 7". Variety. Retrieved May 12, 2018.
0Goldman Getzler, Wendy (2018-01-25). "Thomas and Friends sets new course with Nickelodeon". kidscreen. Retrieved 2018-01-25.
0Cabrera, AJ (April 10, 2018). "ESPN+ is another smack in the face for soccer fans". WorldSoccerTalk. Retrieved September 26, 2018.
0"Rebooted 'DuckTales' moves to Disney Channel with trailer for new episodes". Syfy. April 11, 2018. Retrieved 2018-04-11.
0Hmmert, Kylie (April 24, 2018). "Big Hero 6: The Series Launching June 9 on Disney Channel!". Comingsoon.net. Retrieved April 24, 2018.
0Steinberg, Brian (August 25, 2018). "S.E. Cupp to Move From HLN to CNN". Variety. Retrieved September 28, 2018.
0"Winter Break: Hunter Mountain on Twitter".[non-primary source needed]
0Andreeva, Nellie (June 23, 2018). "Nobodies' Canceled By TV Land After 2 Seasons". Deadline Hollywood.
0Goldberg, Lesley (May 22, 2018). "'UnREAL' Expected to End With Season 4 as Hulu Gets First-Run From Lifetime (Exclusive)". The Hollywood Reporter.
0http://www.thefutoncritic.com/showatch/safeword/listings/
0"Carpool Karaoke coming to Apple's TV app for free after first being an Apple Music exclusive". 2018-05-11.
0"'McLaughlin Group' to return in 2018'". December 22, 2017. Retrieved December 22, 2017.
0"Universal Kids adds two FremantleMedia game shows". Kidscreen. Retrieved 2017-10-17.
0Swift, Andy (January 24, 2017). "Queer Eye Getting Netflix Reboot, Setting Gay Rights Back a Decade?". TVLine. Retrieved September 29, 2018.
0"All-New Weekly Series "Showtime at the Apollo," Hosted by Steve Harvey, to Premiere Following Spring Return of "Gotham" Thursday, March 1, on FOX". The Futon Critic. January 25, 2018. Retrieved January 25, 2017.
0Petski, Denise (July 13, 2017). "'Bridezillas' Reboot Greenlit At WE tv For 2018 Premiere". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved August 15, 2018.
0Holloway, Daniel, ‘American Idol’: ABC Confirms Plan to Revive Talent Competition Series, Variety, 9 May 2017. Retrieved 9 May 2017.
0Gelman, Vlada (January 22, 2018). "Timeless Season 2 Set for March Start". TVLine. Retrieved January 22, 2018.
0Schwartz, Dana (January 25, 2018). "Meet the new Muppet Baby! A first look at Summer the penguin". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved February 7, 2018.
0Stanhope, Kate (May 16, 2017). "'Roseanne' Revival Officially a Go at ABC". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved May 16, 2017.
0'Jersey Shore' returns with tax troubles, fist bumps and plastic surgery CNN, April 5, 2018
0Serrao, Nivea (March 28, 2017). "TLC reviving Trading Spaces". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved 14 April 2017.
0Andreeva, Nellie (June 29, 2016). "'Lost In Space' Remake Picked Up To Series By Netflix". Deadline Hollywood.
0"'BattleBots' Revived on Discovery and Science Channels (Exclusive)". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved 7 February 2018.
0Warren, Andrew (May 20–24, 2018). "Supreme cuisine: 'Iron Chef America returns to its classic formula". Columbia Basin Herald.
0"'American Chopper' is being revived by Discovery Channel — Exclusive".
0Ausiello, Michael (May 17, 2017). "Arrested Development Officially Renewed for Season 5 at Netflix". TVLine. Retrieved May 17, 2017.
0Staff, CBR (March 24, 2016). "ADULT SWIM REVIVING HIT ANIME 'FLCL' FOR A NEW SEASON". Comic Book Resources. Retrieved June 2, 2018.
0Staff (June 8, 2018). "What to Watch Tonight: Sense8 Series Finale, Every Sex and the City Ever and More". TVLine.
0Maglio, Tony (April 27, 2017). "BET Revives VH1's Hit the Floor, Takes The Breaks From Fellow Viacom Net". TheWrap. Retrieved July 10, 2018 – via Laredo Morning Times.
0Evans, Greg (August 4, 2017). "Disney Channel Goes Back To Camp With New 'Bug Juice'". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved August 4, 2017.
0Dehnart, Andy (January 30, 2018). "Zachary Quinto investigates the paranormal on History's revival of In Search Of". Reality Blurred. Retrieved June 13, 2018.
0Evans, Greg (January 22, 2018). "Epix Plans New Version Of Mark Burnett's Boxing Competition 'The Contender'". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved January 26, 2018.
0@billyeichner (September 5, 2018). "These 8 new segments will be available for the whole world to see on the Billy on the Street YouTube channel (YouTube.com/BillyontheStre…) and ALL MY SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS (Instagram, Facebook and Twitter). Presented by @funnyordie and @lyft. SPREAD THE WORD!!!! AND AWAY WE GO!!!!!" (Tweet) – via Twitter.
0Mitovich, Matt Webb (May 11, 2018). "Magnum, P.I. Reboot, God Friended Me Among CBS' Four New Drama Orders". TVLine. Retrieved May 16, 2018.
0‘Murphy Brown’ Revival Set At CBS With Star Candice Bergen & Creator Diane English from Deadline (January 24, 2018)
0Nemetz, Dave (May 11, 2018). "Last Man Standing: Fox Officially Orders Revival of Cancelled Tim Allen Sitcom". TVLine. Retrieved May 11, 2018.
0Gilyadov, Alex (May 18, 2018). "First Look at Netflix's She-Ra and the Princesses of Power". IGN. Retrieved May 21, 2018.
0Petski, Denise (March 13, 2018). "CNBC Greenlights 'Deal Or No Deal' Reboot With Howie Mandel". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved March 14, 2018.
0Bentley, Jean (10 January 2018). "'Modern Family' 200th Episode Steve Levitan, Christopher Lloyd Interview". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved 16 January 2018.
0"'THE TONIGHT SHOW STARRING JIMMY FALLON' LISTINGS: JANUARY 8 – 15" (Press release). NBCUniversal Media Village release. 8 January 2017. Retrieved 16 January 2018.
0Barney, Chuck (14 January 2018). "TV tonight: 'Victoria,' returns; 'Family Guy' airs 300th episode". The Mercury News. Retrieved 16 January 2018.
0"Cartoon Network - The Amazing World of Gumball - 200th Episode Coming in January". Cartoon Network. Retrieved 16 January 2018 – via YouTube.
0Abrams, Natalie (9 January 2018). "The Blacklist 100th episode: Nathan Lane goes up against Red". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved 16 January 2018.
0Malec, Brett (2017-10-27). "Nikki & Brie Bella Think It's "Insane" They've Reached 100 Episodes of Total Divas: "We're Just So Honored!"". E! Online.
0Roffman, Marisa (9 January 2018). "'Supernatural,' 'Stranger Things,' 'The Big Bang Theory,' and More Join the PaleyFest 2018 Lineup". TVInsider. Retrieved 16 January 2018.
0Alicia Vitarelli (February 23, 2018). "General Hospital goes live for a good cause". WPVI-TV. Retrieved February 24, 2018.
0Hatchett, Keisha (January 26, 2018). "One Chicago Stars Reflect on 'Chicago P.D.''s Milestone 100th Episode". TV Guide. Retrieved July 16, 2018.
0MacDonald, Lindsay (March 9, 2018). "'Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.': Wedding Bells Rang in the 100th Episode!". TV Guide. Retrieved July 16, 2018.
0Heldman, Breanne (March 13, 2018). "'The Fosters' 100th episode and spring finale is a 'gift' to fans". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved July 16, 2018.
0"(#607) "Top Dog"". The Futon Critic. Retrieved June 19, 2018.
0Prudom, Laura (August 18, 2018). "POWER RANGERS 25TH ANNIVERSARY TRAILER: ICONIC RANGERS REUNITE FOR 'DIMENSIONS IN DANGER'". IGN. Retrieved August 21, 2018.
0Big Brother 20 (U.S.)
0‘Shameless’ Adds More Episodes To Season 9, Will Split It Into Fall & Winter Blocks – TCA Deadline Hollywood, August 6, 2018
0Spirou, Constantine (September 26, 2018). "Bob's Burgers Is Taking Over Restaurants Around The USA For Its 150th Episode". Foodbeast. Retrieved September 30, 2018.
0Mitovich, Matt Webb (May 12, 2018). "'Criminal Minds' Renewed for Season 14". TVLine. Retrieved July 6, 2018. "CBS has renewed the veteran crime drama for a 14th season, which will open with Episode No. 300."
0Hayes, David (September 23, 2018). "'Shark Tank' Judges And Producers Spill Secrets On Eve Of 200th Episode: "I'm Surprised More Entrepreneurs Don't Bomb" – Tribeca TV Festival". Deadline Hollywood.
0Beaston, Erik (October 17, 2018). "WWE SmackDown 1000 Results: Winners, Grades, Reaction and Highlights". Bleacherreport.com.
0Mitovich, Matt Webb (September 24, 2018). "NCIS: New Orleans Episode 100 Will Spill Big Secret, Feature Musical Guest". TVLine.
0MUELLER, Chris (October 25, 2018). "WWE 205 Live, Mae Young Classic 2018 Results: Oct. 24 Winners, Grades, Reaction". Bleacherreport.com.
0"Episode Title: (#HF907) "Pua a'e la ka uwahi o ka moe (The Smoke Seen in the Dream Now Rises)"". The Futon Critic. October 19, 2018. Retrieved November 10, 2018.
0black-ish Pays Tribute to Prince — Grade the Show's 100th Episode! TVLine, November 13, 2018
0Johnson, Jim (July 22, 2018). "THE FLASH TEASES BIG TWIST FOR HISTORIC 100TH EPISODE". Comic Book Resources. Retrieved August 21, 2018.
0"Ghost Wars: Cancelled; No Season Two for Syfy TV Series - canceled TV shows - TV Series Finale". canceled TV shows - TV Series Finale. 2018-04-20. Retrieved 2018-04-20.
0Andreeva, Nellie (26 October 2017). "'Ten Days In The Valley' Sent To Saturday By ABC, Cancelation Next". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved 23 November 2017.
0Petski, Denise (October 3, 2017). "'Major Crimes' To End After Season 6 On TNT". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved July 8, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (February 14, 2018). "'Disjointed': Kathy Bates Pot Comedy Canceled By Netflix After One Season". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved February 15, 2018.
0"Fox News Channel Taps Neil Cavuto to Anchor Live Two-Hour Saturday News Program" (Press release). Fox News. December 13, 2017. Retrieved January 19, 2018.
0Schwartz, Ryan (November 27, 2017). "Wisdom of the Crowd Cancelled Amid Jeremy Piven Sexual Assault Scandal". TVLine. Retrieved November 27, 2017.
0Andreeva, Nellie (January 26, 2018). "'Damnation' Canceled By USA Network After One Season". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved February 5, 2018.
0"joeltrussell on Twitter".[non-primary source needed]
0Andreeva, Nellie (May 11, 2018). "'Great News' Canceled By NBC After Two Seasons". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 11, 2018.
0"The cat is out of the bag. The series finale of #PussInBoots is NOW STREAMING on Netflix!". Facebook. Retrieved January 27, 2018.[non-primary source needed]
0"Valor Cancelled at The CW". TVLine. May 8, 2018. Retrieved May 8, 2018.
0"The Brave Cancelled at NBC". TVLine. May 11, 2018. Retrieved May 11, 2018.
0Swift, Andy (February 2, 2018). "K.C. Undercover Series Finale Video: Zendaya & Co. Tease The Mask's Reveal". TVLine.
0McLennan, Cindy (2018-04-20). "9JKL: Cancelled by CBS; No Second Season for Monday Night Sitcom". TV Series Finale. Retrieved April 20, 2018.
0Pena, Jessica (July 16, 2018). "Better Late Than Never: Cancelled; No Season Three for NBC TV Show". TV Series Finale. Retrieved July 16, 2018.
0Devlin, Dean [@Dean_Devlin] (March 8, 2018). "Just got the official call. TNT has cancelled #TheLibrarians - I will immediately begin the process of trying to move the show elsewhere. Please keep your fingers crossed for us!" (Tweet). Retrieved March 8, 2018 – via Twitter.
0"Nicktoons USA To Premiere New 'Bunsen Is A Beast' Episode 'Beauty Or The Beast; Friend Or Phony' On Friday 9th February 2018". February 1, 2018.
0Otterson, Joe (2018-04-06). "'Everything Sucks!' Canceled After One Season at Netflix". Variety. Retrieved April 12, 2018.
0"'Mozart in the Jungle' Canceled After Four Seasons at Amazon". 7 April 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (April 19, 2018). "'Seven Seconds' Not Getting Second Season On Netflix". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved April 19, 2018.
0Yee, Lawrence (April 15, 2017). "'Star Wars Rebels' Ending After Season 4". Variety. Retrieved May 1, 2017.
0Pedersen, Erik (May 11, 2018). "'Kevin (Probably) Saves The World' Canceled After One Season On ABC". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 11, 2018.
0Debra, Birnbaum (2017-12-15). "Judd Apatow's 'Love' to End With Third Season on Netflix". Variety. Retrieved 2017-12-15.
0Andreeva, Nellie (May 18, 2018). "'Falling Water' Canceled By USA Network After 2 Seasons". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 20, 2018.
0Emery, Debbie (March 12, 2018). "'Tom vs Time' Director on Why the Obsession Around Brady and Gisele Is 'Out of Control'". The Wrap. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (March 29, 2018). "'Beyond' Canceled By Freeform After 2 Seasons". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved March 31, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (January 14, 2017). "'Portlandia' Renewed For Eighth & Final Season By IFC, Will There Be Spinoffs:TCA". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved January 14, 2017.
0"Tabatha Coffey on Instagram". Instagram. Retrieved September 20, 2018.
0Petski, Denise (April 24, 2018). "'The Path' Canceled After 3 Seasons On Hulu". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved April 25, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (August 1, 2018). "'The Dangerous Book For Boys' Canceled By Amazon After One Season". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved August 1, 2018.
0Savitsky, Sasha (2017-09-26). "'Fixer Upper' ending after Season 5, Chip and Joanna Gaines announce". Fox News Channel. Retrieved 2017-09-26.
0Petski, Denise (April 9, 2018). "'The Quad' Canceled At BET After Two Seasons". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved April 25, 2018.
0Swift, Andy (May 10, 2018). "The Mick Cancelled at Fox". TVLine.
0Andreeva, Nellie (November 15, 2017). "Nicky, Ricky, Dicky & Dawn and School of Rock Canceled by Nickelodeon". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved November 15, 2017.
0Patten, Dominic (May 14, 2018). "'Hap & Leonard' Canceled By SundanceTV After Three Rollicking Seasons". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 15, 2018.
0Neille, Andreeva (April 25, 2018). "Alan Ball's Drama 'Here and Now' Canceled By HBO After One Season". Deadline. Retrieved April 27, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (May 12, 2018). "'Scorpion' Canceled By CBS After 4 Seasons". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 12, 2018.
0Ausiello, Michael (May 10, 2017). "'Scandal' To End With Season 7". TVline. Retrieved May 10, 2017.
0Petski, Denise (July 25, 2018). "'The Rundown With Robin Thede' Canceled By BET". Deadline.com. Retrieved July 26, 2018.
0Otterson, Joe (2018-04-20). "'Ash vs. Evil Dead' Canceled at Starz After Three Seasons". Variety. Retrieved 2018-04-20.
0Andreeva, Nellie (May 21, 2018). "'LA To Vegas' Comedy Series Canceled By Fox After One Season". Deadline.com. Retrieved May 21, 2018.
0Ausiello, Michael (May 10, 2018). "Last Man on Earth Cancelled at Fox". TVLine.
0Schwartz, Ryan (12 May 2018). "Kevin Can Wait Cancelled at CBS After Polarizing Season 2 Shake-Up".
0Gelman, Vlada (May 29, 2018). "The Arrangement Cancelled at E!". TVLine. Retrieved May 30, 2018.
0Swift, Andy (August 16, 2018). "'The Royals' Cancelled After 4 Seasons". TVLine.
0Andreeva, Nellie (May 12, 2018). "'Superior Donuts' Canceled By CBS After 2 Seasons". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 12, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (May 11, 2018). "'Rise' Canceled By NBC After One Season". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 11, 2018.
0New Girl Renewed for (Final) Season 7 — How Many Episodes Are We Getting? Yahoo! News, May 14, 2017
0Schwartz, Ryan (May 11, 2018). "Zach Braff's Alex, Inc. Cancelled at ABC". TV Line. Retrieved May 11, 2018.
0Abrams, Natalie (February 6, 2018). "Once Upon a Time to end after season 7". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved February 6, 2018.
0'The Middle' to End With Season 9 on ABC The Hollywood Reporter, August 2, 2017
0Holloway, Daniel (February 16, 2018). "Harry Connick Jr. Talk Show to End After 2 Seasons (EXCLUSIVE)". Variety. United States. Retrieved February 16, 2018.
0Maldonado, Jennifer (July 28, 2017). "Time to Say Goodbye: The Thundermans Is Officially Coming to an End". J-14. Retrieved July 29, 2017.
0Boucher, Ashley (April 24, 2018). "Here's Everything Coming to and Leaving Netflix in May". The Wrap.
0Albiniak, Paige (December 18, 2017). "Studios Shopping Shows Ahead of NATPE 2018". Broadcasting & Cable. Retrieved December 22, 2017.
0Andreeva, Nellie (June 29, 2018). "'Champions' Canceled By NBC After One Season, May Explore Future Elsewhere". Deadline Hollywood.
0Andreeva, Nellie (May 11, 2018). "'Deception' Canceled After One Season On ABC". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 11, 2018.
0Nakamura, Reid (August 6, 2018). "'The Chris Gethard Show' Canceled at TruTV, Comedian Says". TheWrap.
0Andreeva, Nellie (May 25, 2016). "'The Americans' To End Run With Two-Season Final Renewal By FX, EPs Ink Deals". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved March 12, 2017.
0Swift, Andy (June 29, 2018). "'Famous in Love' Officially Cancelled; Freeform Laments 'Difficult Decision'". TVLine.
0Andreeva, Nellie (3 January 2018). "'The Fosters' To End Run With 3-Episode Finale As Freeform Orders Spinoff Series Starring Maia Mitchell & Cierra Ramirez". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved 3 January 2018.
0Iannucci, Rebecca (June 1, 2018). "Imposters Cancelled at Bravo". TVLine.
0Li, Shirley (June 29, 2017). "Sense8 lives! Netflix to air 2-hour finale special to wrap up canceled drama". Entertainment Weekly. Archived from the original on June 29, 2017. Retrieved October 12, 2017.
0"Syndication Ratings: Soccer, Golf Drives Down Shows".
0Pedersen, Erik (May 11, 2018). "'The Crossing' Canceled By ABC After One Season". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 11, 2018.
0Gelman, Vlada (May 8, 2018). "Life Sentence Cancelled at The CW". TVLine. Retrieved May 8, 2018.
0Patten, Dominic (October 19, 2018). "Netflix Pulls The Plug On 'Luke Cage', No Season 3 For Marvel's Harlem Hero". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved October 20, 2018.
0Rothbell, Spencer (April 4, 2017). "got the go ahead so just to confirm - It's a wrap for Clarence but don't worry, new episodes will continue to air through 2018". Retrieved April 4, 2017.
0Andreeva, Nellie (June 15, 2018). "'Desus & Mero' Stars Ending Their Viceland Show, Eye Deal At Showtime". Deadline Hollywood.
0Andreeva, Nellie (June 15, 2018). "'The Opposition' To End As Comedy Central Orders New Jordan Klepper Weekly Series". Deadline Hollywood.
0Nemetz, Dave (April 18, 2018). "Taken Yanked Off Schedule by NBC, Will Move to Saturdays This Summer". TVLine. Retrieved April 22, 2018.
0Ramos, Dino-Ray (30 June 2018). "Hugh Hewitt Announces End Of MSNBC Show". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved 1 July 2018.
0Ed Schultz, former Fargo radio personality, has died Inforum, July 6, 2018
0Abrams, Natalie (March 16, 2017). "12 Monkeys renewed for fourth and final season". Entertainment Weekly. Retrieved March 17, 2017.
0Otterson, Joe (September 28, 2018). "'I'm Dying Up Here' Canceled After Two Seasons at Showtime". Variety.
0Levine, Daniel S. (August 17, 2018). "Netflix Cancels 'The Joel McHale Show With Joel McHale' and 'The Break With Michelle Wolf'". PopCulture. Retrieved August 21, 2018.
0Gelman, Vlada (May 24, 2018). "'Code Black' Cancelled at CBS After 3 Seasons". TV Line. Retrieved May 24, 2018.
0"Get Your First Look at The Final Season of Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce: 5 Clips You Need to See". Bravo. September 22, 2017. Retrieved December 13, 2017.
0Ausiello, Michael (2017-11-01). "Me, Myself & I Essentially Cancelled at CBS; Man With a Plan Called Off Bench". TVLine. Retrieved 2018-04-09.
0Andreeva, Nellie (20 April 2018). "'Living Biblically' Pulled Off the Schedule By CBS, Replaced By 'Big Bang' Repeats". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved 20 April 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (June 28, 2018). "'Ghosted' Canceled By Fox After 1 Season". Deadline Hollywood.
0Andreeva, Nellie (March 30, 2018). "Stuck in the Middle to End After 3 Seasons on Disney Channel, Star Jenna Ortega Joins ABC Pilot Man of the House". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved March 30, 2018.
0Swift, Andy (March 15, 2018). "Young & Hungry to End With Season 5 — But (as Usual) There's a Twist!". TVLine. Retrieved March 15, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (July 21, 2018). "'Colony' Canceled By USA Network After 3 Seasons". Deadline. Retrieved July 22, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (17 November 2017). "'Nashville' To End: Season 6 On CMT Will Be Country Drama Series' Last". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved 17 November 2017.
0Iannucci, Rebecca (September 20, 2018). "Dietland Cancelled at AMC". TVLine. Retrieved September 20, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (October 19, 2017). "'Casual' Renewed By Hulu For Fourth & Final Season". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved October 23, 2017.
0Otterson, Joe (July 20, 2017). "'The Originals' to End After Season 5 on The CW". Variety. Retrieved August 3, 2017.
0Ausiello, Michael (June 29, 2018). "SIX Cancelled at History". TVLine.
0Swift, Andy. "Quantico Cancelled After 3 Seasons". TVLine. Retrieved May 11, 2018.
0Dehnart, Andy (May 9, 2018). "Syfy cancelled Face Off, which will end after an all-star season 13". Reality Blurred. Retrieved August 7, 2018.
0Goldberg, Leslie (November 6, 2018). "'Reverie,' Starring Sarah Shahi, Canceled at NBC". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved November 14, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (October 18, 2018). "'All About The Washingtons' Canceled By Netflix After One Season". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (4 April 2018). "'Shades Of Blue' To End After Season 3; NBC Sets Summer Premiere Date For Jennifer Lopez Cop Drama". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved 4 April 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (September 5, 2018). "'American Woman' Canceled By Paramount Network After One Season". Deadline Hollywood.
0Krulewitz, Josh (August 9, 2018). "New ESPN Weekday Afternoon Lineup To Debut September 11". ESPN Media Zone.
0Goldberg, Leslie (November 2, 2018). "'Alone Together' Canceled at Freeform". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved November 3, 2018.
0Pedersen, Erik (September 29, 2016). "Cult Hit Animated Series 'Adventure Time' To End In 2018". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved September 29, 2016.
0Patten, Dominic (October 12, 2018). "Netflix Knocks Out 'Marvel's Iron Fist', No Season 3 For Martial Arts Series". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
0@NickandMore (August 20, 2018). "2 preschool series finales of note: "Sofia the First: Forever Royal" 90-minute finale airs Sept. 8 at 11am on the Disney Junior channel (and Sept. 10 on Disney Channel). "Mission Force One" (originally "Miles from Tomorrowland") airs Sept. 10 at 5pm on the DJr channel" (Tweet) – via Twitter.
0Andreeva, Neellie (August 15, 2018). "'Shooter' Canceled By USA Network After 3 Seasons, Shopped By Paramount TV". Deadline Hollywood.
0Andreeva, Neellie (October 26, 2018). "'American Vandal' Canceled By Netflix After 2 Seasons". Deadline Hollywood.
0Darling, Cary (September 6, 2018). "CW 39 cancels 'NewsFix' and 'Morning Dose'". Houston Chronicle. Retrieved September 6, 2018.
0Jara, Sean [@NovaTerron] (August 24, 2018). "Sadly no. We would have loved to continue the adventure, but Nick didn't pick us up for more than 40, so our epic journey will come to an end very soon. We're proud of our show, though, and I look forward to the day when a young kid who watched this grows up and reboots it" (Tweet) – via Twitter.
0Andreeva, Nellie (November 13, 2018). "'The Good Cop' Tony Danza-Josh Groban Dramedy Canceled By Netflix After One Season". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved November 14, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (October 2, 2018). "Robert Kirkman's 'Outcast' Officially Dead at Cinemax". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved October 8, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (October 17, 2018). "'Animals' Animated Series Canceled By HBO After 3 Seasons". Deadline. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
0"'Daredevil' Canceled at Netflix After Three Seasons". Variety. Retrieved 2018-11-29.
0"Megyn Kelly Expected to End NBC Morning Show". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved 2018-10-25.
0Barr, Jeremy (October 16, 2018). "HLN Shake-Up: Ashleigh Banfield, Carol Costello, Michaela Pereira Exiting". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved October 19, 2018.
0Matthews, Wallace (September 27, 2018). "HBO Says It Is Leaving the Boxing Business". The New York Times. Retrieved October 1, 2018.
0Patten, Dominic (October 30, 2017). "Netflix Cancels House of Cards; "Deeply Troubled" Over Kevin Spacey Sexual Advances Claims". United States: Deadline Hollywood. Archived from the original on October 30, 2017. Retrieved October 30, 2017.
0Andreeva, Nellie (16 May 2018). "'The Last Ship' To End After 5 Seasons On TNT". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved 16 May 2018.
0Anthony Bourdain’s Parts Unknown Concludes with LES Finale Nov. 11 Bowery Boogie, October 19, 2018
0Ressler, Karen (July 20, 2018). "Voltron: Legendary Defender Animated Series to End This Year With Season 8". Anime News Network. Retrieved July 22, 2018.
0Ausiello, Michael (July 31, 2018). "Timeless Lives! NBC Revives Cancelled Drama With 'Two-Part Finale'". TVLine. Retrieved August 1, 2018.
0Andreeva, Nellie (October 11, 2017). "'Being Mary Jane' To End In 2018 With 2-Hour Series Finale Movie On BET". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved October 12, 2017.
0"Tegna, Cooper Media To Launch Quest Diginet," from TVNewscheck, 11/7/2017
0"Disney Touts 2 New Streaming Services, Including ESPN Plus and One With a Live-Action Star Wars Series". Adweek. November 9, 2017. Retrieved September 24, 2018.
0Mark K. Miller (July 18, 2018). "Weigel To Launch 'Start TV' Female Diginet". TVNewsCheck. TVNewsCheck Media.
0Andreeva, Nellie (April 25, 2017). "DC Digital Service To Launch With Titans Series From Greg Berlanti & Akiva Goldsman And Young Justice: Outsiders". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved May 2, 2018.
0"The Christian Broadcasting Network Launches CBN News Channel: The First 24-Hour News Channel from a Christian Perspective". CBN News (Press release). Christian Broadcasting Network. October 1, 2018. Retrieved October 2, 2018.
0James, Meg (August 18, 2018). "Charter Spectrum plans to report local TV news, 24 hours a day, in Los Angeles". Los Angeles Times. American City Business Journals. Retrieved August 20, 2018.
0Holloway, Daniel; Littleton, Cynthia (February 8, 2017). "Viacom to Rebrand Spike TV as Paramount Network". Variety. Retrieved February 8, 2017.
0Eggerton, John (July 23, 2018). "Sinclair Rebrands Washington Cable News Network". Broadcasting & Cable. NewBay Media.
0Evans, Greg (August 3, 2017). "Discovery Communications Partners With TEN Network For Auto Portfolio". Deadline. Retrieved September 18, 2017.
0James, Meg (30 July 2018). "Charter to shut down Spectrum Deportes channel in Los Angeles". Los Angeles Times. Retrieved 17 August 2018.
0“Warner Bros.’ DramaFever Korean-Drama Streaming Service Is Shutting Down” from Variety (October 16, 2018)
0"Spectrum legal notice - "Effective on or after November 22, 2018, Viacom will discontinue distribution of Nick2. This service will no longer be offered..."". Paris Post-Intelligencer. Paris Post-Intelligencer. 25 October 2018. Retrieved 26 October 2018.
0Featherston, Suzanne (December 14, 2017). "NBC to pull KENV affiliation". Elko Daily Free Press. Retrieved December 21, 2017.
0Mark K. Miller (January 4, 2018). "Azteca America Moving To KJLA Los Angeles". TVNewsCheck. Retrieved January 5, 2018.
0"Modification of a Licensed Facility for Digital Class A TV Station Application". Licensing and Management System. October 19, 2017. Retrieved October 20, 2017.
0Cite error: The named reference kyounbc was invoked but never defined (see the help page).
0"We're Back: WBKI returns to DirecTV and AT&T U-verse!". WDRB. 12 February 2013. Retrieved 15 February 2018.
0Miller, Mark K. (January 8, 2018). "LBI Media Buying WGEN In Miami". TVNewsCheck. Retrieved January 8, 2018.
0Cite error: The named reference Jacobson was invoked but never defined (see the help page).
0Scott D. Pierce (October 23, 2017). "KBYU-TV will no longer be a PBS station in 2018 — and KBYU-FM will abandon classical music". The Salt Lake Tribune. Media One Utah, LLC. Retrieved October 23, 2017.
0Mark K. Miller (July 11, 2018). "WUAB To Be Cleveland's New CW Affiliate". TVNewsCheck. NewsCheck Media.
0"Program alert: Rescan your TV to continue receiving WNNE's signal". WPTZ. Hearst Television. August 1, 2018. Retrieved August 1, 2018.
0"WDBJ7 to launch WZBJ24 in September". WDBJ. Gray Television. August 13, 2018. Retrieved August 14, 2018.
0"KYOU TV - KYOU is proud to bring you..." Facebook. Retrieved 14 September 2018.
0Cite error: The named reference 1011-nebraskacw was invoked but never defined (see the help page).
0"Public TV stations KCET and KOCE to merge in shifting market". Los Angeles Times. Tronc. April 25, 2018. Retrieved April 26, 2018.
0"FCC Form 315 June 2017 - Comprehensive Exhibit". Federal Communications Commission and Sinclair Broadcasting Group. July 26, 2017. Retrieved June 30, 2017.
0Foran, Chris (2 January 2018). "Get TV and Grit channels to drop from local TV lineup". Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. Retrieved 3 January 2018.
0"FCC Broadcast Television Spectrum Incentive Auction Auction 1001 Winning Bids" (PDF). Federal Communications Commission. April 4, 2017. Retrieved April 17, 2017.
0"Plan to Scan". Milwaukee PBS. Milwaukee Area Technical College. Retrieved December 10, 2017.
0"WMLW Milwaukee - Milwaukee Television Re-pack". WMLW-TV. Weigel Broadcasting. Retrieved December 9, 2017.
0Dawidziak, Mark (February 16, 2017). "Channel 43 will remain on the air; only its transmitter was sold". The Plain Dealer. Newhouse Newspapers. Retrieved September 7, 2017.[permanent dead link]
0Fybush, Scott (January 8, 2018). "NERW 1/8/2018: TV Channel Shares Take Effect". Northeast Radio Watch. Retrieved January 10, 2018.
0Marszalek, Diana (September 11, 2017). "Telemundo Launching a Washington O&O in December". Broadcasting & Cable. NewBay Media. Retrieved September 12, 2017.
0"WIVB/WNLO Channel Sharing FAQ". WIVB-TV. Nexstar Media Group. Retrieved December 4, 2017.
0"WRNN-TV selling spectrum rights for $212M, will stay on the air". lohud.com. Retrieved February 19, 2017.
0"MyINDY-TV 23 moves to new frequency; rescan your TV". WISH-TV. Nexstar Media Group. April 26, 2018. Retrieved June 27, 2018.
0"FCC Broadcast Television Spectrum Incentive Auction Auction 1001 Winning Bids" (PDF). Federal Communications Commission. April 4, 2017. Retrieved January 22, 2018.
0"CMU to end Flint public television station after $14 million sale", The Flint Journal via MLive.com, February 8, 2017
0"FCC TV spectrum Phase Assignment Table". FCC Incentive Auction Television Transition Data Files. Federal Communications Commission. April 13, 2017. Retrieved June 22, 2018.
0Hallenbeck, Brent (February 17, 2017). "Vermont PBS sells broadcast licenses for $56 million". Burlington Free Press. Retrieved February 17, 2017.
0Portland Musician and Restaurateur Jonny P. Jewels Has Died Williamette Week, January 2, 2018
0Frank Buxton, Writer and Director on 'The Odd Couple' and 'Happy Days,' Dies at 87 The Hollywood Reporter, January 3, 2018
0Genzlinger, Neil (2018-01-11). "Carole Hart, Producer and Writer of Children's TV, Dies at 74". The New York Times. Retrieved October 4, 2018.
0Jerry Van Dyke, ‘Coach’ Actor and Foil for His Brother, Dick, Dies at 86 The New York Times, January 5, 2018
0"Doug Young obituary". Retrieved October 4, 2018.
0Donnelly Rhodes, Prolific Character Actor, Is Dead at 81 The New York Times, January 11, 2018
0Doreen Tracey, an Original Mouseketeer, Dies at 74 The Hollywood Reporter, January 11, 2018
0Keith Jackson, folksy voice of college football, dies at 89 Los Angeles Times, January 13, 2018
0"Naomi Stevens Burns obituary". Retrieved November 28, 2018.
0Obituary for Hugh Wilson from Deadline Hollywood, 1/16/2018
0"Bradford Dillman, Star of Broadway and Hollywood, Dies at 87".
0Haring, Bruce (January 28, 2018). "Lin Bolen Dies: First Female VP Of Programming At A Network Was 76". Deadline Hollywood. Retrieved January 28, 2018.
0"Olivia Cole, Award-Winning 'Roots' Actress, Is Dead at 75". Retrieved November 28, 2018.
0"John Conboy, Producer of 'The Young and the Restless,' 'Guiding Light,' Dies at 83". 2018-01-23.
0Wallace, Terry (January 21, 2018). "Dorothy Malone, Mom On 'Peyton Place,' Dies". Associated Press. Retrieved January 22, 2018 – via TVNewsCheck.
0Longtime KUSI weatherman John Coleman dies at 83 KUSI-TV, January 21, 2018
0"Connie Sawyer, Hollywood's Oldest Working Actress, Dies at 105".
0Ursula K. Le Guin, Acclaimed for Her Fantasy Fiction, Is Dead at 88 The New York Times, January 23, 2018
0Bartlett, Rhett (January 26, 2018). "Robert Dowdell, Actor on 'Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea,' Dies at 85". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved January 27, 2018.
0"John Morris, Composer for Mel Brooks's Films, Dies at 91". Retrieved November 28, 2018.
0"Cyrus Yavneh, '24' and 'Supernatural' Producer, Dies at 75". Retrieved November 28, 2018.
0Bahrampour, Ali (January 27, 2018). "Mort Walker, whose 'Beetle Bailey' was a comic-page staple for decades, dies at 94". The Washington Post. Retrieved January 27, 2018.
0Mark Salling Dead of Apparent Suicide TMZ, January 30, 2018
0Louis Zorich Dies: Stage Veteran And ‘Mad About You’ Dad Was 93 Yahoo! Entertainment, February 1, 2018
0McCausland, Phil (January 31, 2018). "NBA player Rasual Butler and R&B singer Leah LaBelle killed in car crash". NBC News. Archived from the original on March 22, 2018.
0John Mahoney, Steppenwolf and 'Frasier' actor, dead at 77 Chicago Tribune, February 5, 2018
0Mickey Jones 'Justified' Actor Dead at 76 TMZ.com, February 7, 2018
0Reg E. Cathey, Actor on 'House of Cards' and 'The Wire,' Dies at 59 The Hollywood Reporter, February 9, 2018
0"John Gavin, Actor in 'Psycho' and 'Imitation of Life,' Dies at 86".
0Vic Damone, Who Crooned to Postwar Popularity, Dies at 89 The New York Times, February 12, 2018
0Jan Maxwell Has Died; Five-Time Tony Nominee Praised ‘Law & Order’ As “The Mother Ship” Deadline Hollywood, February 11, 2018
0"Comedian Marty Allen dies in Las Vegas at 95". Retrieved February 13, 2018.
0Lassie Lou Ahern, Child Actress in the 'Our Gang' Comedies, Dies at 97 The Hollywood Reporter, February 16, 2018
0"Evangelist Billy Graham dies at age 99; reached millions". Associated Press. Retrieved 21 February 2018.
0Nanette Fabray, TV Star of the ’50s and ’60s, Dies at 97 Variety, February 23, 2018
0"Actor James Colby Passes Away at Age 56". Retrieved March 5, 2018.
0"PAUL JAMES DE MEO obituary". Retrieved March 5, 2018.
0"Prolific 'Batman' producer, MGM exec Benjamin Melniker dies in Roslyn Harbor". 2018-03-05. Retrieved March 5, 2018.
0Campuzano, Eder. "David Ogden Stiers, 'M*A*S*H*' star and Newport resident, dies at 75". The Oregonian. Retrieved February 3, 2018.
0Hawaii child actress, singer Donna Butterworth dies at 62 Hawaii Tribune Herald, March 9, 2018
0"Michael Gershman, 'Buffy the Vampire Slayer' Cinematographer, Dies at 73". 2018-03-19. Retrieved March 19, 2018.
0"Canadian comedian Mike MacDonald dies at 62". Canadian Broadcasting Corporation. March 18, 2018.
0'Chicago Fire' Actor DuShon Monique Brown Dead at 49 TMZ, March 23, 2018
0Actress and Stuntwoman Debbie Lee Carrington Has Passed Away Bloody Disgusting, March 24, 2018
0Steven Bochco, Creator of 'Hill Street Blues,' Dies at 74 NBC Chicago, April 1, 2018
0Graham, Pat (April 2, 2018). "Bob Beattie, pioneer of Alpine skiing's World Cup circuit, dies at 85". The Boston Globe. Associated Press. Retrieved April 2, 2018.
0Chuck McCann, Comic Actor and Popular Kids TV Host, Dies at 83 The Hollywood Reporter, April 8, 2018
0"R. Lee Ermey, Golden Globe Nominee for 'Full Metal Jacket,' Dies at 74". The Hollywood Reporter. April 15, 2018. Retrieved April 15, 2018.
0Shanely, Patric (April 16, 2018). "'Night Court' Actor Harry Anderson Dies at 65" The Hollywood Reporter
0Actress Pamela Gidley of "Twin Peaks" fame has died at 52 MSN, April 30, 2018
0"Wednesday, April 18, 2018". 18 April 2018.
0WWE Hall Of Famer Bruno Sammartino Dies At 82 CBS Pittsburgh, April 18, 2018
0Kamb, Lewis (April 21, 2018), "8-term Washington congressman Al Swift dies at 82", The Seattle Times
0“Verne Troyer Dead at 49” from TMZ (April 21, 2018)
0"Davey Nelson, analyst for Brewers television crew and team alumni director, dies at 73". Journal Sentinel. April 23, 2018. Retrieved April 23, 2018.
0"ADC Mourns Passing of Don Bustany". ADC. ADC. Archived from the original on 2018-04-27. Retrieved 24 April 2018.
0"Bob Dorough, 'Schoolhouse Rock!' Performer and Writer, Dies at 94". The Wrap. April 23, 2018. Retrieved April 23, 2018.
0Littleton, Cynthia (27 April 2018). "'Golden Girls' Producer Paul Junger Witt Dies at 77".
0“Robert Mandan, the Womanizing Chester Tate on 'Soap,' Dies at 86” from The Hollywood Reporter (June 3, 2018)
0Barry Adams. "Menards pitchman Ray Szmanda dies at 91". Wisconsin State Journal, May 7, 2018.
0"'Superman' Star Margot Kidder Dead at 69". TMZ. May 14, 2018.
0Chuba, Kirsten (16 May 2018). "Veteran Character Actor Joseph Campanella Dies at 93".
0"Patricia Morison, Star of the Original 'Kiss Me, Kate,' Dies at 103". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved May 20, 2018.
0Kennedy, Mark; Dalton, Andrew. "Patricia Morison, the original 'Kiss Me, Kate' star, dies at 103". USA Today. Retrieved May 20, 2018.
0“Allyn Ann McLerie, Actress in 'Where's Charley?' and 'They Shoot Horses, Don't They?' Dies at 91” from The Hollywood Reporter (May 28, 2018)
0Obituary for Clint Walker from AP/TVNewsCheck, 5/22/2018
0"Elizabeth Sung, 'Young and the Restless' Actress, Dies at 63". www.msn.com.
0Barnes, Brooks (2018-06-06). "Jerry Maren, Who Sang and Danced as a Munchkin in Oz, Dies at 98". The New York Times.
0“Kate Spade, Whose Handbags Carried Women Into Adulthood, Is Dead at 55” from The New York Times (June 5, 2018)
0Longtime CBS News correspondent Murray Fromson dies at 88 Archived 2018-06-12 at the Wayback Machine. Tampa Bay Times, June 9, 2018
0"Neal Boyd, one-Time 'America's Got Talent' winner, dies". Associated Press. June 11, 2018.
0Почина режисьорът и аниматор, създател на "Чоко и Боко" - Румен Петков (in Bulgarian)
0Philadelphia sports broadcasting icon Al Meltzer dies at 89 NBC Sports Philadelphia, June 14, 2018
0“Legendary WTAE chief meteorologist Joe DeNardo dies at 87” from WTAE-TV Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania (Hearst Television) (June 15, 2018)
0Elizabeth Brackett, Award-Winning Journalist and Triathlete, Dies at 76 WTTW, June 17, 2018
0Richard Valeriani Dies: NBC Newsman Who Covered Civil Rights Movement & Nixon Was 85 Deadline Hollywood, June 18, 2018
0Fox News Pundit Charles Krauthammer Dead At 68 The Huffington Post, June 21, 2018
0"Deanna Lund, Actress on 'Land of the Giants,' Dies at 81". The Hollywood Reporter. June 25, 2018. Retrieved June 25, 2018.
0"Stanley Anderson Dies: 'Spider-Man' & 'Seinfeld' Actor Was 78". 2018-06-28. Retrieved October 17, 2018.
0Richard 'Old Man' Harrison of 'Pawn Stars' dead at 77 Fox News, June 25, 2018
0Valada, Christina [@mcvalada] (June 28, 2018). "Susan Ellison has asked me to announce the passing of writer Harlan Ellison, in his sleep, earlier today. "For a brief time I was here, and for a brief time, I mattered."—HE, 1934-2018."" (Tweet) – via Twitter.
0"Former WWE Tough Enough winner Matt Cappotelli passes away". PWInsider.com. June 29, 2018. Retrieved June 30, 2018.
0Steve Ditko, Spider-Man co-creator, dies at age 90 NBC News, July 7, 2018
0Columnist Dick Feagler, voice of Clevelanders for five decades, dead at 79 Cleveland Plain Dealer, July 2, 2018
0Tab Hunter, iconic 1950s actor, dead at 86 CNN, July 9, 2018
0Alan Johnson, choreographer for Broadway and Mel Brooks, dies at 81 The Washington Post, July 10, 2018
0"Roger Perry, 'Star Trek' and 'Harrigan and Son' Actor, Dies at 85". 2018-07-13. Retrieved July 13, 2018.
0Hetrick, Adam. "Tony Winner Gary Beach, Star of Broadway's The Producers and Beauty and the Beast Dies at 70" playbill.com, July 18, 2018
0“Former Roanoke disc jockey Adrian Cronauer, depicted in 'Good Morning, Vietnam,' dies at 79” from The Roanoke Times (Roanoke, Virginia) (July 19, 2018)
0Jon Schnepp, 'Metalocalypse' Director, Dies at 51 The Hollywood Reporter, July 20, 2018
0Elmarie Wendel, '3rd Rock From the Sun' Star, Dies at 89 The Hollywood Reporter, July 23, 2018
0Former receiver Frank Clarke, a member of the original Cowboys team of 1960, dies at 84 Dallas News, July 26, 2018
0Patrick Williams, Emmy-Winning TV Composer, Dies at 79 Variety, July 25, 2018
0Meltzer, Dave (July 29, 2018). "Brian Christopher pronounced brain dead after suicide attempt". f4wonline.com. Retrieved July 29, 2018.
0WWE Hall of Famer, legendary heel Nikolai Volkoff dies at age 70 CBS Sports, July 29, 2018
0Neil Argo, distinguished alumnus of University of Northern Colorado, dies at 71. Retrieved 2 August 2018.
0"H.F. "Gerry" Lenfest Obituary". Philadelphia Inquirer. 2018-08-05.
0Haring, Bruce. "Charlotte Rae Dies: House Mother On "The Facts of Life" Was 92". deadline.com. Retrieved 2018-08-05.
0"Patricia Benoit, Wally Cox's Sweetheart on 'Mister Peepers,' Dies at 91". Retrieved September 16, 2018.
0John Glines, Tony Winning Producer and Playwright, Passes Away Broadway World, August 8, 2018
0Ex-WWE star Jim 'The Anvil' Neidhart dead at 63 FOX News Channel, August 13, 2018
0Aretha Franklin, the 'Queen of Soul' whose reign spanned decades, dies at 76 NBC News, August 16, 2018
0"Craig Zadan Dead: Oscars Producer Was 69". Retrieved September 16, 2018.
0O'Donnell, Maureen (August 21, 2018). "Actress Barbara Harris dies; Second City alum became toast of Broadway, movies". Chicago Sun-Times. Retrieved August 21, 2018.
0Staff (August 21, 2018). "'LAZY TOWN' ACTOR DIES AFTER BATTLE WITH CANCER". TMZ.
0Frothingham, Stephen (August 23, 2018). "Race announcer Brian Drebber dies in motorcycle crash". bicycleretailer.com. Retrieved August 24, 2018.
0Genzlinger, Neil (2018-08-30). "Russ Heath, Whose Comics Caught Lichtenstein's Eye, Dies at 91". The New York Times. Retrieved September 8, 2018.
0Gonzalez, Sandra (August 24, 2018). "Robin Leach, 'Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous' host, dies at 76". CNN. Retrieved August 24, 2018.
0Staff (August 26, 2018). "Legendary Playwright Neil Simon Dies at 91". Broadway World.
0Obituary for Barrie Dunsmore from Washington Post, 8/29/2018
0Fredd Wayne, Who Played Benjamin Franklin on 'Bewitched,' Dies at 93: Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved August 28, 2018.
0McDermott, Brenna (August 29, 2018). "Stan Brock, global humanitarian and founder of Remote Area Medical, has died". Knox News. USA Today Network. Retrieved 30 August 2018.
0Ex-‘ER’ Actress Vanessa Marquez Shot Dead After Confronting Police In South Pasadena Deadline Hollywood, August 31, 2018
0SOD (August 31, 2018). "GH FAVE SUSAN BROWN PASSES AWAY AT 86". Soap Opera Digest. United States: American Media, Inc. Odyssey Magazine Publishing Group Inc. Retrieved September 1, 2018.
0Slotnik, Daniel E. (2018-09-05). "Gloria Jean, Child Singing Sensation in 1940s Films, Dies at 92". The New York Times. Retrieved September 8, 2018.
0Slotnik, Daniel E. (2018-09-04). "Carole Shelley, a Tony Winner and a Pigeon Sister, Dies at 79". The New York Times. Retrieved September 8, 2018.
0Barnes, Mike (September 7, 2018). "Bill Daily, Comic Foil on 'I Dream of Jeannie' and 'The Bob Newhart Show,' Dies at 91". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved September 8, 2018.
0Author, Actor, Kennedy Scion Christopher Lawford Dead at 63 The New York Times, September 5, 2018
0"Tom Rickman, Screenwriter on 'Hooper' and 'Coal Miner's Daughter,' Dies at 78". Retrieved September 9, 2018.
0Mike Hogewood, legendary Raycom Sports ACC announcer, dies at 65 WSFA, September 5, 2018
0Obituary for Thad Mumford from The Hollywood Reporter, 9/18/2018
0Barnes, Mike (September 6, 2018). "Burt Reynolds, Movie Star Who Played It for Grins, Dies at 82". The Hollywood Reporter.
0Sledman, Alex (September 7, 2018). "Mac Miller Found Dead of Suspected Overdose at 26". Variety.
0"'X-Files' actor Peter Donat dies at 90". 2018-09-16. Retrieved September 16, 2018.
0Marin Mazzie, Star of Ragtime and Passion, Dies at 57 Playbill, September 13, 2018
0Obituary for Frank Parker on Deadline.com, 9/25/2018
0Gary Kurtz, Star Wars producer, dies at 78 BBC, September 24, 2018
0"Jerry Thorpe, Emmy-Winning Director and Producer of 'Kung Fu,' Dies at 92". Retrieved October 17, 2018.
0"Roger Robinson, Tony-Winning Actor and a Detective on 'Kojak,' Dies at 78". Retrieved October 17, 2018.
0"Will Vinton, Oscar winner and pioneering Portland animator, dies at age 70". Retrieved October 17, 2018.
0"Hawaii singer Ed Kenney Jr. left legacy of song on Broadway and Waikiki stage". 2018-10-06. Retrieved October 17, 2018.
0Voice of the Cougars Paul James, 87, dies at his home after long illness Deseret News, October 8, 2018
0"Don Sandburg, last surviving member of original 'Bozo's Circus' cast, dies at 87". Retrieved October 17, 2018.
0"The Walking Dead actor dies aged 76". BBC News. October 7, 2018. Retrieved October 7, 2018.
0Obituary for Peggy McCay from TVLine, 10/9/2018
0Evans, Greg (2018-10-09). "Celeste Yarnall Dies: 'Star Trek' Actress & Elvis Co-Star Was 74". Deadline. Retrieved 2018-10-09.
0Arnold Kopelson, Oscar-Winning Producer of ‘Platoon’ and ‘The Fugitive,’ Dies at 83 Variety, October 8, 2018
0Longtime NBC 5 Anchor Warner Saunders Passes Away at 83 WMAQ-TV (NBC Chicago), October 10, 2018
0Gans, Andrew. "Carol Hall, Composer-Lyricist of The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas, Dies at 82". Playbill. Retrieved 12 October 2018.
0Wang, Christine (2018-10-15). "Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen dies of cancer at age 65". CNBC. Retrieved 2018-10-15.
0Duggan, Brian; Damon, Anjeanette; Spillman, Benjamin; DeHaven, James (16 October 2018). "Dennis Hof, Nevada's bombastic legal pimp and Assembly candidate, has died". Reno Gazette Journal. Retrieved 16 October 2018.
0State Rep. Sid Michaels Kavulich, former sportscaster, died Times Leader, October 16, 2018
0"Danny Leiner, 'Harold & Kumar' and 'Dude, Where's My Car?' Director, Dies". The Telegraph. October 20, 2018.
0"James Karen, Actor in 'Poltergeist' and So Much More, Dies at 94". The Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved October 24, 2018.
0‘The Voice’ Star Beverly McClellan Dies After Battle with Cancer The Blast, October 31, 2018
0Mike Parker, trusted anchor, reporter at CBS 2 for 35 years, dead at 75 Chicago Sun-Times, November 5, 2018
0Barnes, Mike (November 5, 2018). "Kitty O'Neil, Famed Hollywood Stuntwoman and Daredevil, Dies at 72". Hollywood Reporter. Retrieved 6 November 2018.
0"Stan Lee Dead at 95". TMZ. TMZ. Retrieved 12 November 2018.
0"Katherine MacGregor, the Meddlesome Harriet Oleson on 'Little House on the Prairie,' Dies at 93" From Hollywood Reporter (November 13, 2018)
0Thanki, Juli (November 15, 2018). "Roy Clark, Country Music Hall of Fame member, dead at 85". The Tennessean. Retrieved November 15, 2018.
0"Butch Cassidy screenwriter Goldman dies". BBC News. 2018-11-16. Retrieved 2018-11-16.
0Wayne Maunder, Star of the 1960s Western 'Lancer,' Dies at 80 from The Hollywood Reporter (November 23, 2018)
0Ricky Jay, Master Magician and Actor in ‘Deadwood,’ ‘Boogie Nights,’ Dies at 72 Variety, November 24, 2018
0'SpongeBob Squarepants' Creator Stephen Hillenburg Dies at 57 Variety, November 27, 2018
0Nagourney, Adam (November 30, 2018). "George Bush, 41st President, Dies at 94". The New York Times. Retrieved November 30, 2018.
0“Ken Berry, Star of 'F Troop' and 'Mama's Family,' Dies at 85” The Hollywood Reporter, December 1, 2018
0
0  Iconic voice of cycling Paul Sherwen dies at 62-years-old Canadian Cycling Magazine, December 2, 2018
0
0Years in television: 2018
0
0  Australia Canada Ireland Japan Philippines Scotland South Africa United Kingdom United States
0
0Categories:
0
0  2018 in American television2018-related timelines
0
0Navigation menu
0
0  Not logged in
0  Talk
0  Contributions
0  Create account
0  Log in
0
0  Article
0  Talk
0
0  Read
0  View source
0  View history
0
0Search
0
0  Main page
0  Contents
0  Featured content
0  Current events
0  Random article
0  Donate to Wikipedia
0  Wikipedia store
0
0Interaction
0
0  Help
0  About Wikipedia
0  Community portal
0  Recent changes
0  Contact page
0
0Tools
0
0  What links here
0  Related changes
0  Upload file
0  Special pages
0  Permanent link
0  Page information
0  Wikidata item
0  Cite this page
0
0Print/export
0
0  Create a book
0  Download as PDF
0  Printable version
0
0Languages
0
0Add links
0
0  This page was last edited on 3 December 2018, at 21:46 (UTC).
0  Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization.
0
0  Privacy policy
0  About Wikipedia
0  Disclaimers
0  Contact Wikipedia
0  Developers
0  Cookie statement
0  Mobile view
0
0  Wikimedia Foundation
0  Powered by MediaWiki
